The utility model belongs to petroleum product physical and chemical properties detection area especially relates to a decompression trace distillation system of living beings fundamental key and fuel, 
the system includes distillation plant, evacuating device, cooling device and recovery unit, and distillation plant passes through the baffle to be kept apart alone, include the retort, the retort bottom coordinates with ka tai, just blocks to be equipped with the heater at the bottom of the retort bottle is leaned on in the subsides of bench top portion, and the retort feeds through with the sample bottle through the inlet pipe that is equipped with the pump, and retort top and distilling head feed through.
The utility model discloses simple structure, anti -disturbance from environment isstrong, can accurately survey living beings fundamental key and fuel boiling range data fast, obtains the vapour pressure data of fuel simultaneously.
The invention relates to a medium-low-temperature biomass fuel drying system utilizing solar energy and biomass energy. The medium-low-temperature biomass fuel drying system comprises a solar greenhouse, a solar energy accumulating bed (1), an air condenser (3), a water bath dust remover (4), a heat source, an air heater (11), pipelines, valves and draught fans, wherein the pipelines are connected with the solar greenhouse, the solar energy accumulating bed (1), the air condenser (3), the water bath dust remover (4), the heat source and the air heater (11), and the valves and the draught fans are arranged on the pipelines. 
The solar energy accumulating bed (1) comprises an upper air bellow (1.1), a lower air bellow (1.1), a plurality of solar heat collecting and accumulating chambers (1.3) and a sealing cavity. The outer surface of the pipe walls of air guiding pipes (1.2) are coated with heat accumulating materials. The sealing cavity is formed by defining the upper air bellow (1.1), the lower air bellow (1.1), a front transparent panel (1.4), a bottom plate (1.5) with the nontransparent rear portion and side face, and side plates. All the solar heat collecting and accumulating chambers (1.3) are located in the sealing cavity.
According to the medium-low-temperature biomass fuel drying system, drying can be conducted through a high-low potential energy combining manner, the solar energy is sufficiently and efficiently utilized, and it can be guaranteed that the drying process is smoothly conducted under the situation that the material humidity is high, and the number is large.
The utility model relates to a device for manufacturing biomass energy and particularly relates to a cooler for manufacturing straw gas. The cooler comprises a shell as well as a water inlet pipe, a water outlet pipe, an air inlet pipe and an air outlet pipe which are formed on the shell, wherein a sealing cover is fixedly arranged at the top of the shell, an upper partition plate integrated with the sealing cover is fixedly arranged at the bottom of the sealing cover, and an air inlet cavity is formed between the upper partition plate and the sealing cover; 
a lower partition plate is arranged at the bottom of the inner cavity of the shell, a closed water accommodating cavity is formed between the lower partition plate and the upper partition plate, and an air outlet cavity is formed between the lower partition plate and the bottom wall of the inner cavity of the shell; 
at least one 'U'-shaped coiler is arranged in the water accommodating cavity, the air inlet ends of the 'U'-shaped coilers penetrate through the upper partition plate and then are communicated with the air inlet cavity, the air outlet ends of the 'U'-shaped coilers penetrate through the lower partition plate and then are communicated with the air outlet cavity; 
the water inlet pipe and the water outlet pipe are located at the side wall of the shell and the water inlet pipe is communicated with an external water source.
Due to the structure, the cooler disclosed by the utility model has the advantages that the cooling is completely carried out, the energy consumption is reduced and the manufacturing cost is reduced.
The utility model relates to a hot-air boiler, in particular to a biomass-energy vegetable greenhouse heating and hot-air system. 
An oxygen feeding pipe is disposed inside an inner hearth. 
One end of the oxygen feeding pipe is welded to the upper portion of a dust storage chamber. 
A heat absorbing pipe is disposed on the upper portion of the inner hearth and is communicated with a hot air passage inside a boiler body. 
One end of the hot air passage is communicated with an air inlet. The other end of the hot air passage is communicated with a hot air outlet. 
A hot air passage baffle is disposed at the gap between the inner hearth and the hot air passage. 
The biomass-energy vegetable greenhouse heating and hot-air system is provided to overcome the defects of the prior art, and employs biomass as energy, is convenient in feeding, employs semi-gasified fuel, guarantees sufficient oxygen supply to the hearth, and is high in energy utilization rate.
The invention discloses an online trading system for biomass energy. The online trading system includes a system foreground and a system background; 
the system foreground includes a member module, a search module which is used to provide a query service, and a transaction module. 
The member module is used to manage membership data, to release, modify, add and delete supply and demand information, is used for a merchant to manage a capital account, is used for a member to increase, modify, and delete a product, and is used for management of an order status; and the transaction module is used to display biomass energy material and product supply and demand information issued by the member, and to carry out a purchase and sale transaction. 
The system background includes a system management module which is used to set basic platform parameters, background management user groups and permissions, includes a member management module which is used to review, modify and delete a member unit, and also includes a transaction management module which is used to manage, review and check order and supply and demand information of both a seller and a buyer.
The online trading system for the biomass energy can effectively and rapidly solve the raw material demand of the biogas station, and solve the demand of a retailer for selling the raw material, so that the healthy and rapid development of the industry is promoted.
The utility model relates to a wind energy, solar energy and biomass energy combined power generating system, wherein a garbage collection treating device is sequentially connected with a biomass gas stove, a steam boiler, a steam generating set, an AC voltage transformation master control room and a power generating network; 
solar power generating equipment is connected with the biomass gas stove; 
a wind power generating equipment is connected with the AC voltage transformation master control room; 
the biomass gas stove is sequentially connected with a biomass gas tank, a biomass gas generating set and the AC voltage transformation master control room; 
the steam generating set is connected with a steam/hot water exchanging treating pool; and the biomass gas generating set is also connected with the steam/hot water exchanging treating pool and the garbage collection treating device which produces biomass fuel clumps.
The wind energy, solar energy and biomass energy combined power generating system can adopt wind energy, solar energy and biomass energy to alternately generate power in a complementary way, and has renewable energy-saving and environment-friendly effects.
The utility model provides a solar energy and biomass energy series complementary power generation system. The solar energy and biomass energy series complementary power generation system comprises a solar energy light gathering and heat collecting device, a biomass energy boiler which is connected with the solar energy light gathering and heat collecting device, 
a steam boiler and a generator set, wherein the a solar energy light gathering and heat collecting device comprises a heat collecting box in which a heat-conducting medium is filled; and the heat collecting box is connected with the steam boiler through a pipeline which penetrates through the biomass energy boiler.
The biomass energy boiler is connected in series with the solar energy and biomass energy series complementary power generation system, and when the sunshine is insufficient, the heat-conducting medium is compensated and heated by the biomass energy boiler to release heat energy, 
the heat energy is input into the steam boiler to heat and generate water steam to drive a generator set to work, thus all-weather solar thermal power generation is realized, and the solar energy and biomass energy series complementary power generation system saves energy and is environment-friendly and low in cost.
The utility model belongs to the technical field of the biomass energy source, concretely relates to living beings liquid fuel intensive mixing system.
The intensive mixing system include the open agitator in top and with the sealed lid of the uncovered complex in agitator top, sealed caping portion has seted up the through -hole, the output shaft of motor passes the through -hole to be connectedwith the crank puddler in the agitator, sealed lid passes through antiseep leather sheath and the isolation of agitator inside with the crank puddler.
The utility model discloses living beings liquidfuel intensive mixing system simple structure, design benefit synthesizes the stirring and mixes the different blended fuels in the liquid fuel container, realized on the one hand different liquid fuel the mixture, dissolve each other and mediate, improved the mixing efficiency of different fuel, 
on the other hand has avoided liquid fuel's the waste of revealing, volatilizing and arouse, pollutionand safety problem, has finally accelerated the high -efficient of living beings resources and has utilized.
The utility model discloses a solar energy and biomass energy heat and power cogeneration system, belonging to the field of distributed energy.
The solar energy and biomass energy heat and power cogeneration system consists of a biomass fuel production, collection and utilization device (A), a solar absorber (B), a Stirling engine power generation system (C) and a waste heat recovery device (D).
At the time period of insufficient sunlight, the solar energy and biomass energy heat and power cogeneration system uses marsh gas produced by biomass as fuel for a heat source of the Stirling engine power generation system to guarantee the stable operation of the unit.
Besides, the waste heat recovery device is used for recovering flue gas waste heat of biomass fuel to preheat air and the combustion temperature of the marsh gas is improved.
The two systems can be used as the same time and can also be used separately. The solar energy and biomass energy heat and power cogeneration system has the advantages of one-hundred-percent heat utilization ratio, high operation stability and reliability and the like.
The invention discloses a multistage solar and biomass energy heat utilization device which realizes solar and biomass energy combined generation and multistage energy heat utilization.
The multistage solar and biomass energy heat utilization device mainly comprises a primary generation subsystem, a secondary air conditioning subsystem, a tertiary seawater desalination subsystem and a quaternary domestic hot water subsystem, wherein the subsystems are connected with valves through a circulating pipeline.
The multistage solar and biomass energy heat utilization device can stably output in various weather conditions. 
In good weather, the system can supply heat energy by solar energy; in poor weather, heat energy can be supplied by burning the biomass energy so as to meet heat demands of the subsystems, and heat utilization efficiency is improved.
The invention relates to the even mixing technology for large-scale anaerobic fermentation production of the biogas and specifically relates to a large-scale biogas hydraulic-circulating even mixing device. The large-scale biogas hydraulic-circulating even mixing device comprises a full mixing fermentation tank and an anaerobic fermentation device suitable for large tank body volume, wherein a biogas collector and a raw material feed pipe are arranged on the top of the fermentation tank; 
discharge pipes are arranged on the sidewall of the bottom tank body of the fermentation tank; the fermentation tank is filled with the mixture of fermentation biogas slurry and biogas fermentation raw materials; 
a stirring device is arranged on the fermentation tank; 
three liquid circulating pumps are distributed on the fermentation tank in three different directions, respectively; the included angle between every two of the orifices of three discharge pipes is 120 degrees; the angle of feeding is adjustable.
According to the large-scale biogas hydraulic-circulating even mixing device, the feed liquid in the fermentation tank can be circularly stirred by use of the circulating pumps and can also be driven by use of water flow to rotate.
As a result, the digestion and degradation of solid matters are promoted, the reaction speed is increased, and meanwhile, the fermentation liquid can be prevented from crusting and the non-uniform phenomenon of the concentration and the temperature of the fermentation liquid can also be reduced.
The utility model discloses a complementary power generation system of biomass energy solar energy, including living beings combustion generation device and solar thermal energy power generation facility, 
living beings combustion generation device includes biomass boiler, steam turbine, generator, condenser, condensate pump, low pressure feed water heater, oxygen -eliminating device, water -feeding pump and high pressure feed water heater, 
solar thermal energy power generation facility is including the low temperature storage tank, cryogenic pump, solar energy jing chang, high temperature storage tank, high -temperature pump, over heater, evaporimeter and the pre -heater that connect gradually, 
the pre -heater is connected with the low temperature storage tank, the steam outlet and the steam turbine of over heater are connected, the low temperature fused salt is equipped with in the low temperature storage tank, the low temperature fused salt is stored in the high temperature storage tank for the high temperature fused salt through the heating of solar energy jing chang.
The utility model discloses but furthest's the energy storage time that reduces solar thermal energy electricity generation can compensate biomass power generation fuel shortage's problem, and more the efficient utilizes solar energy, and more conventional conduction oil is efficient.
The utility model discloses a fine and close processingequipment of portable biomass energy solid fuel, its structure includes base, curb plate, smashes room, motor, water cooling plant, the curb plate is equipped with the axle center, holds the board in hand, 
crushing room is equipped with the feed inlet, the motor is equipped with motor base, line box, the water cooling plant is equipped with cold water pipe, fan, gas vent, hot -water line, 
cold water piping connection is between water cooling plant and gas vent, 
the fan inlays locates the gas vent back, the gas vent passes through the boltriveting and connects in the fan in front, hot water pipe connected is between water cooling plant and gas vent, 
the utility model discloses a being equipped with a water cooling plant, can making themachinery cooling of dispelling the heat, it is boiling hot easily to generate heat at machining's in -process, under long -time high temperature work, easily leads to the fact mechanical damage, influences mechanical life.
The invention belongs to the technical field of biomass energy and particularly relates to a biomass liquid fuel mixing and stirring device.
The stirring device comprises a stirring barrel with an opening in the top part and a sealing cover matched with the opening in the top part of the stirring barrel, wherein a through hole is formed in the top of the sealing cover; 
an output shaft of a motor passes through the through hole and is connected with a crank stirring rod in the stirring barrel; the sealing cover and the crank stirring rod are spaced from the inside of the stirring barrel through a leakage-proof leather sheath.
The biomass liquid fuel mixing and stirring device is simple in structure and ingenious in design and is capable of comprehensively stirring and mixing different mixed fuels in a liquid fuel container; 
on the one hand, different liquid fuels are mixed, mutually dissolved and blended, so that the mixing efficiency of different fuels is improved; on the other hand, leakage and volatilization of the liquid fuels and the problems of waste, pollution and safety caused by the leakage and the volatilization of the liquid fuels are avoided; the efficient utilization of biomass resources is finally accelerated.
The utility model discloses a bake burning furnace over a slow fire for making biomass energy, its structure includes likepowder material input connecting pipe, the air preheating chamber, grained catalyst input connection pipe, the primary treatment room, the pyroreaction storehouse, the heat recovery room, exhaust duct, the gas vent, the solid -gas separation chimney, cigarette barrel base, biomass energy powder recycling pipe, a pedestal, 
the left part of air preheating chamber is equipped with likepowder material input connecting pipe, likepowder material input connecting pipe passes through bolt and air preheating chamber fixed connection, the left end of likepowder material input connecting pipe is connected with material conveying equipment, 
the right of air preheating chamber is equipped with the primary treatment room, and mixing effects can be enhanced, the stability and the reliability of the temperature of the output that can effectually guarantee, effectually subsequent treatment effect has been improved, prevent to use the air to produce the problem that probably leads to the explosion, the security and the reliability of the work of equipment have been improved.
The invention discloses a biomass energy conversion and generation system for agricultural production, which belongs to the technical field of biomass energy. 
An urban food waste module, a large-scale cultivation straw module and a cultivation project excrement module are connected with an energy commercialization module respectively; 
the energy commercialization module is connected with an energy conversion module; 
the energy conversion module is connected with an energy branch guidance module; 
a special-specie cultivation module is connected with an organic matter fertilizer production module; 
the organic matter fertilizer production module is connected with a biological fermentation module; 
the biological fermentation module is connected with a biomass enzymolysis module; 
the biomass enzymolysis module is connected with the energy conversion module.
Agriculture circulation can be developed towards two zero growth goals of agricultural resource and agricultural energy consumption zero growth and agroecological environment degradation velocity zero growth, so that an agricultural development pattern with agricultural resource efficient and sustainable use and good circulation of eco-environmentcan be actively adopted.
The utility model discloses a water-cooling circulator which comprises a water pump and a water cooling tank. The water cooling tank is provided with a water inlet and a water outlet respectively. An oil way is arranged inside the water cooling tank. The water pump provides water for the water cooling tank.
The water-cooling circulator is simple in structure and convenient to maintain, heat of a hydraulic system is removed through water circulation, automatic control is achieved through a temperature controller, labor force is reduced, working efficiency is improved, and the stability and efficacy of the water-cooling circulator are greatly improved.
To go against the phenomenon of the renewable resources waste in the countryside, the utility model discloses a canned methane device for comprehensive utilization of solar energy and biomass energy, which changes the present underground methane pool into a methane retort(2) positioned in the ground, which is equipped in a passive-typed solar heating insulated house(1) or transparent plastic membrane insulated canopy. 
The methane retort(2) is mounted with an air valve(14), which is connected via T-piece with an evaporator(21) and a desulfurizer(22) connected with an enclosed-typed gasbag(6) via a canal and connected with a methane stove(17) via an air delievery pipe(8) connected with the gasbag(6).
It is characterized in that its structure is reasonable, it is convenient to operate, it is low in cost and it saves energy and protects environments.
It uses solar energy to keep warm and uses the earth fire pit to heat when there is no enough light and heat, it can keep the methane tank in the best temperature for gas production, and prolong the utilization period of the methane and increase its availability; and it can solve the problems of renewable resources waste and environmental pollution existing in the countryside for a long time and improve framers' living quality and standard.
The utility model relates to the technical field of gas-fired boilers. The utility model relates to boiler equipment, in particular to biomass energy gas-fired boiler equipment. The boiler comprises a boiler body, a base is mounted at the bottom of the boiler body; a heating chamber and a combustion chamber are arranged in the middle of the inner side of the boiler body through a partition plate. 
A feeding pipe is arranged on the upper portion, close to the combustion chamber, of the side wall of the boiler body. 
The through groove is communicated with the discharge hole; 
sliding grooves are formed in the two sides of the interior of the discharging opening correspondingly. 
The two sides of the discharging baffle are arranged in the sliding grooves correspondingly. 
A filter box is mounted on one side, close to the boiler body, of the upper part of the base; 
a smoke outlet of the combustion chamber is connected with a smoke inlet of the filter box through a smoke outlet pipe; 
an air outlet is formed in the position, close to the center, of the upper portion of the filter box, a draught fan is installed on one side of the upper portion of the filter box, and the draught fan is connected with the filter box through the air outlet.
The invention discloses a mixed biomass fuel feeder, which belongs to the technical field of mechanical chemical equipment.
The mixed biomass fuel feeder aims to realize that after a discharge valve is opened, powder is discharged or fed continuously, uniformly and stably.
The technical scheme includes that an oblique bin with a downward conical top is arranged in a tank, filter cloth is arranged on the surface of a wallboard in the oblique bin, 
the powder is arranged above the oblique bin and is forced by pressured air to timely move towards a discharge outlet and be uniformly and stably discharged via the discharge valve under the effect of self weight after the discharge valve is opened, and the rotation speed of the discharge valve can be controlled.
The utility model discloses a biomass energy source hot air generator, include: the living beings gas producer, filter and the combustion chamber that connect gradually, the pipeline between filter and the combustion chamber even has the air blowing machine, 
the filter is the wet filter.
Living beings gas producer includes: stove outer covering and inner shell are equipped with the insulating layer between stove outer covering and the inner shell, establish to conical ash hole the bottom of stove outer covering, and the ash hole has conical album of ash pan, and the wheel that rolls is installed to the stabilizer blade of collection ash pan, and the top of stove outer covering is equipped with feed inlet and coal gas export, is equipped with the grate in the inner shell and reaches grate down, goes up the grate and locates down grate upper portion, the lower part of stove outer covering is equipped with even to be had the air -blower and feeds through to the inside air hose of inner shell.
The utility model discloses a technique aim at provides one kind can be through regarding living beings such as straw, saw -dust as the raw materials and produce coal gas and make hot -blast biomass energy source hot air generator.
The utility model discloses a biomass energy waste heat utilization boiler system, including mao bamboo and discarded object, carbomorphism converter, bamboo charcoal, bamboo gas combustion room, exhaust -heat boiler and steam supply, 
mao bamboo and discarded object transmit to through transmission device the inside of carbomorphism converter, 
the carbomorphism converter with bamboo gas combustionroom is connected through defeated material mechanism, 
bamboo gas combustion room with connect through gas pipeline between the exhaust -heat boiler, 
exhaust -heat boiler with connect through gas pipeline between the steam supply.
The utility model discloses a mao bamboo and discarded object, carbomorphism converter, bamboo charcoal, bamboo gas combustion room, exhaust -heat boiler and steam supply under unified use make the holistic function of biomass energy waste heat utilization boiler system flow get up, can improve biomass energy waste heat utilization, the energy can be saved to improved security when the operation, simple structure easily realizes.
The utility model discloses a biomass energy solid fuel burner device, 
the utility model relates to a biomass energy solid fuel burner device, the switch of boot device control box, left side motor and right motor work, 
the rotary rod rotation has driven the rotation of time gear, 
lower gear passes through the conveyer belt and has driven, spiral shell rasp bar's rotation, 
because, spiral shell rasp bar's rear end is equipped with the rotation that bevel gear cooperation work had driven left cutting wheel, right motor has driven the rotation of right cutting wheel simultaneously, right side cutting wheel and the cooperation of left cutting wheel, cut the solid material, 
because the horizontal bevel gear cooperation that the end of rotary rod has vertical bevel gear and left side cutting tosmash group's front end has driven the rotation that the group was smashed in left cutting, the in like manner has driven the rotation that the group was smashed in right cutting, cutting crushing group in the right side closes with the crushing matched stack of left side cutting, the material of handling the top carries out further cutting work, before carrying out the burning of biosolids fuel,the cutting work of smashing of having gone on to the solid has improved the solid combustion efficiency.
A straw biomass energy generating fuel conveying device is characterized by comprising a material packing and feeding device, a bulk cargo feeding device and a mixing material transporting device.
wherein the mixing material transporting device comprises a belt conveyer, a material pushing machine connected with the belt conveyer, and a front-furnace feeding mechanism connected with the material pushing machine. 
The material packing and feeding device and the bulk cargo feeding device are arranged above the belt conveyer.
The system has the characteristics of reasonable design, simple structure, easy manufacturing, convenient maintenance, investment conversation and safe and reliable operation.
During the operation of the system, hard straws and soft straws can be separately fed or simultaneously fed.
The invention discloses a biomass energy device.
The biomass energy device comprises a housing; the left and right sides inside the housing are each provided with a first cavity and a second cavity which extend downward.
the top walls of the first cavity and the second cavity are each provided with a chamber opening in a penetration manner.
the parts, at the tops of the chamber openings at the left and right sides, of the top surface of the housing are correspondingly provided with a first conical hopper and a second conical hopper.
the part, between the bottom extending parts of the first cavity and the second cavity, of the inside of the housing is provided with a shredding chamber in a communication manner, wherein the shredding chamber extends downwards.
the part, at the bottom of theshredding chamber, of the bottom surface of the housing is internally provided with a notch; and a hole is formed in an internal part, positioned between the notch and the shredding chamber, of the housing. 
The biomass energy device disclosed by the invention is simple in structure, convenient to operate and capable of implementing synchronous feeding work.
improves the accuracy of preparation ofshredded straws, can realize automatic control on mixing and shredding work of the straws, improves the mixing uniformity and prevents blocking of the straws.
The invention discloses a biomass gas combustion device used for an industrial boiler. 
The biomass gas combustion device used for the industrial boiler comprises an ignition channel, a primary wind channel, a fuel gas channel and a secondary wind channel, all of which are arranged concentrically from inside to outside.
wherein the tail-end outlet of the primary wind channel is shrunk inwards to form a first shrinkage section and is provided with multiple first flow channels.
the tail-end outlet of the primary wind channel is also provided with a primary wind swirler.
the tail-end outlet of the fuel gas channel is provided with multiple second flow channels.
the tail-end outlet of the secondary wind channel is shrunk inwards to form a second shrinkage section.
a secondary wind swirler is arranged in the secondary wind channel and near the second shrinkage section.
the arrangement of the first flow channels and the second flow channels enables the air at the tail-end outlets to be more sufficiently mixed with the fuel gas and enables the combustion reaction to be more complete, so that the combustion efficiency is improved efficiently.
meanwhile, the air after passing through the primary wind swirler and the secondary wind swirler forms a recirculation zone which can suck partial high-temperature smoke, so that stable combustion of the fuel gas is guaranteed.
The utility model relates to the technical field of burning machines, in particular to a segmented air supply system of a biomass energy particle burning machine. 
The segmented air supply device comprises a fan and a pipeline system for communicating the fan and a combustion chamber, wherein the pipeline system comprises a first branch pipe communicated with the bottom of the combustion chamber, a second and a third branch pipes which are communicated with the middle side portion of the combustion chamber, and a fourth branch pipe which is communicated with the upper portion of the combustion chamber and a smoke outlet.
By adopting the structure, the segmented air supply system enables enough air to evenly fill the combustion chamber everywhere so as to mix with fuel and lead the fuel to be fully combusted.
guarantees the combustion efficiency and reduces pollution.
furthermore, a controller can regulate the rotary speed of the fan according to the supply speed of fuel and required temperature.
thereby controlling the air supply quantity to satisfy the requirement of complete combustion of fuel.
A batch of a substance, e.g., a biomass, is processed in a batch-wise operated retort under the application of heat.
The substance releases a combustible process fluid during the processing.
The process fluid is combusted for generating heat.
The heat is supplied to the retort and/or stored in temporary heat storage in dependence on the progress of the processing for postponed heat supply to the retort.
The utility model relates to water treatment equipment, in particular to a conical settling pool. 
The conical settling pool comprises a depression area and a sediment area.
the sediment area is of an inversed conical structure.
the depression area is arranged above the sediment area and is of a semispherical tank body with an opening in the upper end.
a circle of annular charging pipe is arranged at the upper part of the tank body.
a plurality of discharging ports are formed in the charging pipe.
a slag discharging outlet is formed in the bottom of the conical structure.
The charging pipe is arranged above the tank body。
the impact force of water flows is dispersed by the annular charging pipe and multiple charging ports.
so the impact of charged materials to the sediment is effectively prevented, the settling time of the suspended solids in sewage is increased.
the settling effect of the suspended solids in water is improved and the water treatment effect is improved.
The utility model provides a biomass energy heat accumulation down coat surface fabric and down coat relates to the surface fabric field.
This biomass energy heat accumulation down coat surface fabric, it includes the surface fabric body that interweaves and form via warp and woof.
the surface fabric body includes a plurality ofly weaves the unit that interweaves that forms by six roots of sensation warp and six roots of sensation woof through drifting along.
the embodiment of the utility model provides a warp and woofs that biomass energy heat accumulation down coat surface fabric utilized coffee carbon fiber yarn, hollow fiber yarn, formed according to the one or more twisting split down among gram silk fibre yarn and the carbon fiber yarn can the spontaneous heatings.
not only can keephuman temperature itself, simultaneously when dressing, can also the spontaneous heating, and provide heat especially for the human body.
The compact structure of the unit that interweaves that six roots of sensation warp and six roots of sensation woof formed through the specific mode that interweaves can air and water vapor permeability, and warmth retention property is good.
In addition, this down coat is made by above -mentioned biomass energy heat accumulation down coat surface fabric, and its thickness is little, and frivolous cold -proof, the comfort level is good.
The utility model discloses a full sealing device of biomass energy.
its structure includes feed inlet, grinder, box, switch, motor, gasification equipment, fires burning furnace, bottom plate, mobilizer, maintenance door, handle, sealed ware, dodge gate.
the grinder is established in the box, the box with fire burning furnace and be connected.
the motor is established in the box, the gasification equipment fixed connection box, button swing joint shell.
the barometer is connected with the vaporizer, the vaporizer is established in the shell, fire the burning furnace fixed connection grinder.
mobilizer is connected with the box, maintenance door passes through the mobilizer fixed connection box, sealed ware is established in the box.
The utility model provides a current sealing device is unable makes sealed more tightly, the problem of sealing device's practicality has been reduced to easy the leakage.
The invention relates to a solar energy and biomass energy combined absorption type refrigeration device.
The device comprises a solar collector and an absorption refrigerator.
wherein the water outlet of the solar collector is connected with the water inlet of the heater of the absorption refrigerator.
the water outlet of the heater is communicated with a liquid storage tank.
and the water inlet of the solar collector is communicated with the liquid storage tank through a circulating pump and a check valve.
the device also comprises a biomass furnace, wherein the water outlet of the biomass furnace is connected with the water inlet of the heater, and the water inlet of the biomass furnace is communicated with the liquid storage tank through the circulating pump and the check valve，and is also connected with the water outlet of the solar collector.
a first disconnecting valve is installed between the water outlet of the solar collector and the water inlet of the heater, and a second disconnecting valve is installed between the water outlet of the solar collector and the water inlet of the biomass furnace.
and a third disconnecting valve is installed between the water outlet of the biomass furnace and the water inlet of the heater, and a fourth disconnecting valve is installed between the outlet of the check valve and the water inlet of the biomass furnace.
The device has the advantage of simple structure, and can realize the continuous and efficient refrigeration.
The invention belongs to the field of clean energy production and application, and specifically relates to a device and a method for converting electrolytic metals or metal oxides by using biomass energy.
The device comprises an electrolytic cell (4), an anode (9) of the electrolytic cell and a cathode (10) of the electrolytic cell.
The device further comprises a biomass energy conversion reactor (3) which comprises a pool body (12), a cathode (7) of the biomass energy conversion reactor and an anode (8) of the biomass energy conversion reactor.
wherein the cathode (7) of the biomass energy conversion reactor covers the opening of the pool body (12) and is connected with the anode (9) of the electrolytic cell.
the anode (8) of the biomass energy conversion reactor is located in the pool body (12), penetrates through the cathode (7) of the biomass energy conversion reactor and is connected with the cathode (10) of the electrolytic cell.
The device provided by the invention converts chemical energy into electric energy and then converts the electric energy into chemical energy and realizes direct conversion of clean energy applied to industrial production, thereby showing important meaning to energy conservation and emission reduction and sustainable development.
The utility model relates to the technical field of burning machine equipment, in particular to an improved feeding mechanism of a biomass energy particle combustion machine.
which includes a bucket-shaped feeding bin, wherein a screw-type feeding mechanism is mounted at an exit part at the bottom of the bucket-shaped feeding bin.
the screw-type feeding mechanism includes an extruding cylinder communicated with the exit part of the bucket-shaped feeding bin, a screw rod mounted in the extruding cylinder.
a screw-drive motor mounted on a side of the extruding cylinder, and temperature control equipment capable of automatically adjusting the rotation speed of the screw-drive motor, wherein a discharge port communicated with a combustion chamber is formed on the other side of the extruding cylinder.
With the adoption of the structure, the improved feeding mechanism can uniformly control feeding amount and speed through a screw, realize the uniform feeding, and enable longer biomass energy particles to break and reduce the length and then burn completely in the combustion chamber.
The invention provides a breaking device used for biomass energy use. The breaking device comprises a rack, a feeding opening and a gear ring.
One feeding opening is formed in the left side of the upper end face of the rack, a discharging opening is formed in the right side of the lower end face of the rack.
three cutter shafts are fixedly connected to a breaking power shaft, multiple breaking blades are evenly arranged and hinged to the cutter shafts.
a small gear is shaft connection in the right side of the upper end face of the rack, and a motor is in transmission connection with the smallgear through a transmission belt transmission mechanism.
Through a rotating screening fine crushing cover, materials can be sufficiently stirred, the breaking uniformity is improved, meanwhile, the speed difference of the screening fine crushing cover and the breaking blades is used for fine breaking of the materials, and the breaking effect is good.
A rotating filter net is arranged, broken materials can be screened, meanwhile, remaining materials are broken again, and the material strength and uniformity on an outlet can be improved.
The invention relates to the technical field of new energy sources and discloses a biogas production device with a high biomass energy utilization rate. The biogas production device comprises a feeding hopper, wherein the bottom of the feeding hopper is fixedly connected with a crushing cylinder.
the back surface of the crushing cylinder is fixedly connected with a supporting plate,two crushing motors are fixedly mounted at the top of the supporting plate; opposite sides of the two crushing motors are electrically connected with a power accumulation box.
By adopting the biogas production device with the high biomass energy utilization rate, a lot of electric energy is saved and the utilization rate of the new energy sources is improved.
the contact area of anaerobic fermentation materialsis enlarged and a proper reaction amount of reactants is controlled; the anaerobic reaction efficiency is improved; meanwhile, the reactants can be sufficiently and effectively mixed and the speed ofanaerobic reaction is improved.
reaction temperature which is most suitable for the anaerobic reaction is provided and the decomposition of raw materials is accelerated so that the biogas productionamount is greatly improved and the energy sources are saved; meanwhile, the utilization rate of biomass energy is greatly improved and pollution to an ecological environment is effectively avoided.
The invention relates to a hot-air air conditioner using biomass fuel, and belongs to the technical field of heating air-conditioning equipment. 
The structure of the air conditioner mainly comprises a case(1), a biomass energy conversion device and a hot-air exchange device, wherein the biomass energy conversion device and the hot-air exchange device are both arranged in the case(1).
the biomass energy conversion device mainly comprises a biomass bunker(2), a combustion chamber(3), heat exchanger(4) and a smoke pipe(5).
 and the hot-air exchange device is provided with a fan(13) in the case(1), the bottom side of the case(1) is provided with an air inlet(14), and the upper part, close to the heat exchanger(4), of the case(1) is provided with an air outlet(15).
By using the hot-air air conditioner, the fuel is fully burned, and when the hot-air air conditioner is used for heating, the heat conversion efficiency of the air conditioner is high.
The invention provides a geothermal energy, solar energy and biomass energy comprehensive utilization power generating system, which comprises a solar heating device, a biomass oil burning boiler and a steam-turbine generator.
wherein the water inlet of the solar heating device is connected with the water outlet of a geothermal water pump through a control valve I and a pipeline.
the water suction port of the geothermal water pump is connected with a geothermal water source through a pipeline.
the water outlet of the solar heating device is connected with the water inlet of the biomass oil burning boiler through a control valve II and a pipeline, the water inlet of the biomass oil burning boiler is connected with the water outlet of the geothermal water pump through a control valve III and a pipeline
the steam outlet of the biomass oil burning boiler is connected with the steam inlet of the steam-turbine generator, and the electric output end of the steam-turbine generator is connected with a transformer substation.
The geothermal energy, the solar energy and the biomass energy are fully utilized, so that not only is the power generating efficiency effectively improved, but also rich natural resources are fully utilized.
The system has the advantages of energy saving, safety, low carbon, environment friendliness and the like, and has a wide application prospect.
The invention discloses a method for filling an abandoned roadway and preparing biomass energy sources by using garbage, and belongs to the field of comprehensive utilization of biotechnology and coal resources.
The invention relates to a method for producing methane by combining the biotechnology and two resources of biomass garbage and the abandoned roadway. 
The method comprises the following steps of firstly, screening urban garbage and agriculture and forestry garbage, secondly, respectively culturing a bacterial colony for producing hydrogen and acetic acid bacteria and a bacterial colony for producing methane bacteria by using the biotechnology.
selecting the abandoned roadway in which a coal mass is completely preserved, placing classified garbage and bacterial colony in the abandoned roadway, then injecting garbage slurry and water in the roadway, closing for enabling the filled roadway to form a sealing device, and producing methane by using biological fermentation.
According to the method disclosed by the invention, the biomass garbage is used for filling the abandoned roadway, so that the waste of abandoned mine space and land resources can be solved, a microbiological method can be used for reducing macromolecular organic compounds in coal to produce the methane, further new energy sources are acquired, and the environment stress is alleviated.
The utility model relates to a room air-conditioner consuming biomass energy or fossil energy of low heating value, which comprises a furnace shell arranged between a middle cover and an upper cover of a cold air chamber, wherein the inner side of the furnace shell is provided with a fire cement coating.
a hot air gathering chamber is formed by the upper cover, the middle cover and the furnace shell, the furnace shell of the hot air gathering chamber is provided with a fan, the hot air gathering chamber is provided with a discharge port and a natural hot air outlet, the furnace shell is provided with a smoke heat flow density regulating device
an air heating pipe is connected between the middle cover and the cold air chamber upper cover, and the cold air chamber is formed by the cold air chamber upper cover, an ash chamber upper cover and the furnace shell.
The heat generated by the room air-conditioner by consuming the energy can be directly utilized and the use efficiency achieves above 90 percent, multi functions and cascade use of available energy are realized, and the room air-conditioner has effects of efficiency, energy conservation, environment protection and safety.
The utility model provides a biomass feeding device capable of preventing tempering. With the biomass feeding device, tempering in feeding is avoided, biomass energy can be utilized completely, and thus, energy source is saved.
A biomass discharge outlet of the biomass feeding device faces a chain of a fire grate.
The biomass feeding device is characterized by comprising a feed inlet and a feed roll, wherein the feed inlet is narrowed from top to bottom to be communicated with a storage cavity where the feed roll is located, the front end of the storage cavity serves as a front sealing face for the feed roll, the back end of the storage cavity serves as a back sealing face for the feed roll,
the storage cavity is communicated to the biomass discharge outlet, a smoke-return preventive blowing-down baffle is arranged on the lateral upper portion of the outer end of the biomass discharge outlet,
and an air supply port is reserved on an inclined end face of the bottom of the biomass discharge outlet.
The invention discloses a biomass energy connecting support plate, which comprises a device shell.
Stabilizing blocks are arranged on two sides of the upper end of the device shell, a moving device isarranged on the lower end of the device shell, and is provided with a cutting device through a sliding block.
positioning devices are arranged on two ends of the cutting device.
an adjusting device is arranged in an inner cavity of the cutting device; a stabilizing seat is arranged on the lower end of the adjusting device.
one end of the stabilizing seat extends to the outer side of the cutting device.
a telescopic support rod is arranged on the lower end of the stabilizing seat.
and a control device is arranged in an inner cavity of the device shell, and is electrically connected with the moving device, the adjusting device, the positioning device and the stabilizing seat.
The biomass energy connecting support plate provided by the invention is simple to use, convenient to install, and convenient to use by a user, so that great convenience is provided for the user during a use process.
The utility model discloses a coal-firing mixing power-generating system assisted by biomass energy. 
The coal-firing mixing power-generating system assisted by the biomass energy comprises a conventional coal-fired power generating unit and biomass gasification equipment.
and the conventional coal-fired power generating unit comprises a condenser, a condensing water pump, a low-pressure heater, a deaerator, a water-feeding pump, a high-pressure heater, a supercharging oxygen-enriched combustion boiler, a turbine and a generator.
wherein the condenser, the condensing water pump, the low-pressure heater, the deaerator, the water-feeding pump, the high-pressure heater, the supercharging oxygen-enriched combustion boiler, the turbine and the generator are sequentially connected.
and a steam extraction pipeline is arranged between the turbine and the low-pressure heater. 
The biomass gasification equipment is connected on the steam extraction pipeline of the low-pressure heater.
The invention discloses an energy-saving absorption heat pump unit with biomass-energy combined cooling, heating and power functions.
The biomass-energy energy-saving absorption heat pump unit comprises a coolant circulating system, a combined cooling circulating system, a domestic hot water circulating system.
an absorption heat pump circulating system and steam boiler circulating system, and the steam boiler circulating system provides power for the combined cooling circulating system and the absorption heat pump circulating system.
The coolant circulating system is driven through the combined cooling circulating system, a heat exchanger is arranged between the coolant circulating system and the combined cooling circulating system.
an evaporator is arranged between the combined cooling circulating system and the absorption heat pump circulating system to realize heat exchange,
a condenser is arranged between the domestic hot water circulating system and the absorption heat pump circulating system to realize heat exchange
a generator is arranged between the steam boiler circulating system and the absorption heat pump circulating system to realize heat exchange.
The cooling technique, the absorption heat pump technique and the biomass energy application and condensed water recycling techniques can be combined to achieve the purposes of energy conservation, high efficiency and practicality.
The utility model relates to a gasifier, in particular to an efficient biomass gasifier which consists of a furnace body, a hearth, a furnace wall, a feeder nose, an air outlet, an ash outlet, a blower, a windpipe, a purifier and a gas stove.
wherein, the air outlet and the ash outlet are respectively arranged at the upper part and the lower part of the furnace body, and the blower, the windpipe, the purifier and the gas stove are connected with the furnace body. 
The utility model is characterized in that a preheat zone which is formed by the sealing of a cone-shaped cover is arranged at the bottom of the hearth.
wherein, one side of the preheat zone is connected with the blower by an air inlet; an air nozzle is arranged at the upper part of the cone-shaped cover
an arc-shaped gas guide way is arranged on the inner wall of the hearth on the air nozzle
a high temperature decoking filtering shell is arranged around the furnace body on the gas guide way,
wherein, the internal part of the high temperature decoking filtering shell is communicated with the hearth and the external part thereof is connected with the purifier.
and a manual material-adding device which extends in the hearth is arranged on the feeder nose.
The efficient biomass gasifier has the advantages of unique structure, mandatory full gasification, sufficient burning, high thermal efficiency, and good energy-saving emission-reducing and environment-protecting effects.
Corncobs used to substitute parts of a fuel and a polystyrene pore forming agent
mullite particles adopted as aggregates and ultrafine-ground fireproof clay used as a matrix material are mixed and aged
so the clay and water are mixed to generate a good viscosity to well combine the mullite, clay and corncobs.
When a produced green body is fired, the biomass energy of the green body, used as thefuel, and the pore forming agent are combusted in the production process
and a uniform and consistent aperture structure is generated in the brick body to obtain lightweight bricks.
The invention provides a preparation method of a biomass energy block capable of generating biogas.
The preparation method comprises the following steps of: firstly, mixing plant straw sections, excrements, cellulose, an aminating agent, anaerobic sludge and a pH (Potential Of Hydrogen) stabilizing agent to prepare a mixed material
then adjusting moisture content of the mixed material by using water, then pressing the mixed material into blocky mixed material
then packaging the blocky mixed material in a vacuum manner by using a plastic film to seal the blocky mixed material inside the plastic film
and carrying out the ammoniation and fermentation treatment at 15-30 DEG C
and then forming holes in the plastic film to evaporate moisture in the blocky mixed material after the ammoniation and fermentation treatment so as to obtain the biomass energy block.
The preparation method of the biomass energy block capable of generating the biogas is low in cost and high in gas generation efficiency; and the prepared biomass energy block is convenient to use.
The utility model relates to a new forms of energy technical field, and disclose a domestic energy -conserving efficient biomass energy utilizes equipment
including the marsh gas retort, the left topof marsh gas retort is connected with the waste water inlet tube
the top of marsh gas retort is connected with the marsh gas blast pipe
the left end of marsh gas blast pipe is connected with gas -fired hot water boiler
gas -fired hot water boiler's top is connected with the inlet tube, the bottom on gas -fired hot water boiler right side is connected with the hot water outlet pipe, install thetemperature -sensing valve on the hot water outlet pipe
the hot water outlet pipe is encircleed on the lateral wall in the marsh gas retort by lower supreme spiral.
This domestic energy -conservingefficient biomass energy utilizes equipment has practiced thrift a large amount of manpowers and has removed to collect biomass energy
and biomass energy after smashing simultaneously gets into thatto enable the reaction behind the reactor more abundant, produces more marsh gas, piles abundant reaction through heat catalysis accelerated reaction
and the waste great has been avoided to the effectual utilization ratio that improves biomass energy.
The invention provides a biomass energy fermentation device capable of producing ammonia gas continuously. 
The fermentation device comprises a feeding device and a fermenting device. 
The lower end ofthe feeding device is provided with a feeding pipe. 
One end of the feeding pipe is provided with a first rotation motor. 
The first rotation motor is connected to a first rotation rod and is provided with helical teeth.
A stirring device is arranged on the inner side of the fermenting device. 
One side of the stirring device, the inner wall of the fermenting device is provided with an annular heating rod. 
A density alarming device is arranged above the stirring device. 
A material outlet is arranged above the density alarming device. 
The lower end of the fermenting device is provided with a material outlet blocking opening, which is provided with a blocking block.
The blocking block is rotatingly connected to a fourth rotation motor, which is arranged on the upper end of the fermenting device.
Through the density alarming device, the air pressure in the fermentation device is detected
if the air pressure is too high after stirring, the biomass energy is released at first, then materialsare added, automatic feeding is realized, and ammonia gas is continuously produced.
The utility model relates to an anticorrosion biomass energy power generation flue and flue gas waste heat recovery device
wherein a zinc-aluminum alloy layer is sprayed on a surface where the anticorrosion biomass energy power generation flue and flue gas waste heat recovery device is in contact with glue gas, and an organic coating confining layer is coated on the zinc-aluminum alloy layer.
According to the utility model, the problem of corrosion caused by acidic flue gas after the anticorrosion biomass energy power generation flue and flue gas waste heat recovery device 
is placed in a flue gas environment for a long time is solved and the service life of the anticorrosion biomass energy power generation flue and flue gas waste heat recovery device is prolonged.
The utility model discloses a new energy source air source heat pump hot water device
which comprises an air source heat pump hot water device，wherein the air source heat pump hot water device consists of a compressor, a condenser, throttling equipment, an evaporator and a heat exchanger
the compressor is connected with the condenser and the evaporator respectively
the condenser is connected with the evaporator through the throttling equipment
and the evaporator is connected with the heat exchanger through a pipeline
The new energy source air source heat pump hot water device also comprises a new energy source generating device for powering the air source heat pump hot water device
wherein the new energy source generating device consists of a solar battery array, a wind-driven generator, biomass energy generating equipment, a new energy source controller, a storage battery and an inverter
the new energy source controller is connected with the solar battery array, the wind-driven generator, the biomass energy generating equipment, the storage battery and the inverter
and the inverter is connected with the compressor.
The utility model has the advantages of usability all the year round, energy conservation, environmental protection, low operation cost, safe operation and convenient installation.
The invention discloses an efficient power generation device for animal manure biomass and relates to efficient power generation with animal manure dry-pressing direct combustion and pressing liquid biogas combustion combined and manufacturing for equipment for efficient power generation.
A device for converting animal manure biomass energy into heat energy can be used for utilizing almost all animal manure biomass energy and converting the animal manure biomass energy into heat energy
a bled steam and flue gas heat energy recycling device can recycle almost all heat energy carried by bled steam and flue gas. 
An outer heat insulation and preservation layer of a heat energy production, transmission, supercharging, exchange and acting device is used for preventing heat energy from being dissipated and wasted to the maximum degree, 
the practical useable value of animal manure biomass energy power generation is improved
and the device is especially important for air heating and combustion supporting in cold regions and cold weather.
Due to a device for condensing steam into water, water in the steam is hardly lost, only a small amount of raw water needs to be used for supplementation, cooling air completely replaces traditional cooling water, and the device is especially important for water shortage (including seasonal water shortage) regions.
The number of biogas residues of animal manure is extremely small, and the animal manure is recycled and then combusted for power generation.
The dust amount is also extremely small, so that the animal manure is efficient fertilizer as a by-product.
The invention discloses a biomass energy gasification furnace appliance, which is invented to solve the problem such as difficult elimination of burnt dust in the prior art.
The biomass energy gasification furnace appliance comprises an upper furnace body and a lower furnace body that are axially installed, and a furnace grill is installed at the middle bottom of the lower furnace body
a feeding hole is installed at the top of the upper furnace body
a fuel gas outlet is opened on the lateral wall at the lower part of the upper furnace body
a gas bushing is axially installed inside the upper furnace body, and a gap is installed between the gas bushing and the top and inner wall of the upper furnace body so as to form a gas passage; the lower end of the gas bushing is positioned below the underside extension line of the fuel gas outlet
and a cooling water jacket is axially installed at the external surface of the upper furnace body corresponding to the gas bushing.
The structure above is used so that combustible gas produced from the furnace bodies enters the gas passage in reversed manner from the upper part
thereby prolonging the buffer time when fuel gas is detained inside the furnace body by using indirect cooling of external water jacket
enhancing dedusting effect, and solving the problem of serious plugging of burnt dust better.
The invention discloses a biomass-energy sludge fuel rod for enhancing energy recovery.
The biomass-energy sludge fuel rod structurally comprises a rod-shaped body constructed by industrial sludge
wherein the rod-shaped body is wholly shaped like a triangular column body, a square column body, a polygonal column body or a cylinder
a plurality of blocky bosses are distributed on the column surface of the rod-shaped body
teeth-shaped bulges are arranged on the surface of the end part of the rod-shaped body.
The invention also provides an environment-friendly and high-efficiency preparation method of the biomass sludge.
The improved biomass-energy sludge fuel rod has better practicability index in the aspects of ignition and burning energy release.
The utility model provides a pruning working head of forest biomass energy source shrub forest, relates to the pruning equipment of energy woods, solves the technical problem who does not still have the energy woods equipment of gathering at present.
The utility model discloses constitute by feed zone spare, support frame and hydraulic system, 
feed zone spare including decide the scissors, move the scissors, baffle, sketch plate, 
move the scissors and be connected with the sketch plate, the other end and the hydraulic system of sketch plate are connected, decide the scissors and are connected with the support frame, 
the support frame is formed by preceding baffle, fixed plate, side shield and partly surrounds the frame, and hydraulic system installs in partly surrounding the frame,
the fixed plate lower extreme with decide the scissors and be connected, hydraulic system includes hydraulic cylinder, switching -over valve, hydraulic pressure oil pipe,
hydraulic cylinder passes through hydraulic pressure oil pipe intercommunication with the switching -over valve,
hydraulic cylinder's hydraulic stem and sketch plate are connected, the other end of sketch plate with move the scissors and be connected.
The utility model discloses a working head can be fixed on an arm, realizes that bush energy woods is gathered, the economic forest is pruned, the pruning is grown seedlings to afforestation, the work of pruning of urban afforestation woods.
The utility model discloses an air mixer used in a biomass-energy mixed fuel ignition system, and relates to a device for mixing powdery plant fuel and air and feeding the mixture into an igniter.
The air mixer is used for enabling the powdery biomass-energy mixed fuel before entering the ignition device to be more uniformly mixed with the air by cyclone mixed air.
The air mixer is characterized by comprising a spherical chamber, wherein the top part of the chamber is provided with a feeding pipe
the left side of the chamber is obliquely provided with an air inlet pipe, the right side of the chamber is provided with a discharging pipe
the pipeline center line of the air inlet pipe is intersected with the pipeline center line of the feeding pipe at the bottom part in the chamber
after intersection, the formed included angle is 25-45 degrees.
In addition, the pipeline center line of the discharging pipe is positioned at the upper half part of the spherical chamber.
The air mixer is simple in structure.
The utility model discloses a biomass energy hot -blast furnace with heat -resisting flue
the on -line screen storage device comprises a base, burning furnace is fired to fixed being provided with inbase top to it has the water storage box to fire the last fixed surface welding of burning furnace
it is provided with heat -resisting flue to fire the burning furnace left side to heat -resisting flue both sides skin all is provided with smoke exhaust passage
the inside top of smoke exhaust passage is provided with the smoke and dust filter screen to inboard the fixing of smoke exhaust passageis provided with rivers communicating pipe
the middle part is provided with the steam dump mouth above rivers communicating pipe to the steam dump mouth is provided with the drain pipe between two parties
both sides all were provided with a plurality of hollow rectangular cooler rivers communicating pipe to the inside cooling room that is provided with of hollow rectangular cooler
it is provided with the spiral pipe to cool down indoor.
Circulating water in the hollow layer of shell of spiral pipe and hollow rectangular cooler can be cooled down to the flue gas, makes the external flue -gas temperature greatly reduced that discharges.
The invention relates to the technical field of new energy
and particularly relates to a biomass energy honeycomb briquette
which is prepared from the following raw materials in parts by weight
1-3 parts of an ignition agent, 20-27 parts of used oil, 4-9 parts of a sulphur-fixing agent
1800-2500 parts of pressed water-rich carbon granules, 40-90 parts of coarse sand, 15-28 parts of an oxygen-increasing agent
100-150 parts of clay, 50-75 parts of powdered carbon, 12-17 parts of calcium hydroxide and 100-120 parts of water.
The invention further discloses the biomass energy honeycomb briquette. The prepared biomass energy honeycomb briquette has the characteristics of being high in heat value, long in combustion time, easy to ignite and little in pollution and has very good promotional value.
The invention provides a biomass energy combustion heat utilization device which comprises the components of a biomass energy hot-blast stove, a chaff feeding device, an ash discharging device and a hot-blast stove control system. 
The chaff feeding device is arranged at one side of the biomass energy hot-blast stove. 
The biomass energy hot-blast stove is connected with the chaff feeding device through a pipe. 
The ash discharging device is mounted above an ash chamber. 
The biomass energy hot-blast stove is connected with the ash discharging device through a pipe.
According to the biomass energy combustion heat utilization device, a circular vertical combustion chamber is used
and firebricks which can resist a temperature of 1700 DEG C are built in the circular vertical combustion chamber.
The combustion chambers of a majority of existing hot-blast stoves are horizontal or square or the inner wall of each hot-blast stove is not provided with a filling refractory material.
Furthermore the existing hot-blast stove is not provided with a combustion-facilitating facility except for partial combustion assisting air.
The combustion chamber of the biomass energy combustion heat utilization device has advantages of no structure deformation, no combustion dead corner and most complete combustion. 
Particularly when soft combustion matters such as rice husk are used as the fuel, suspending combustion is realized.
Furthermore no smolder and high combustion efficiency are obtained.
The utility model discloses a geothermal energy and biomass energy complementary power generation device.
Steam boiler, terrestrial heat is mounted below the steam boiler
a steam pipeline is mountedon the top end surface of the steam boiler
a steam turbine shell is mounted at one end of the steam pipeline
a steam turbine is mounted on the inner wall of the steam turbine shell
the number of the turbines is four.
a rotating shaft is mounted on one side of the steam turbine shell
a power generation device is mounted on the outer surface of the rotating shaft
magnets are installed on the inner wall of the power generation device
electric brushes are installed on one sides of the magnets, collector rings are installed on the end faces of the electric brushes
coils are installed on onesides of the collector rings, a condenser is installed below the turbine shell, and a cooling pipe is installed on the inner wall of the condenser.
According to the utility model, partial wastes of terrestrial heat and biomass energy are utilized to generate resource complementation, so that the cost is saved, and the working efficiency is improved.
The invention discloses a rotary distributing device of a grain dryer. 
The rotary distributing device comprises a lifter, a feeding pipe, a humidity elimination opening and a grain storage section. 
The lifter is arranged on one side of the grain storage section, the feeding pipe is arranged at the upper end of the lifter, and the humidity elimination opening is formed in the upper portion of the grain storage section and communicated with the grain storage section. 
The lateral edge of the humidity elimination opening is communicated with the feeding pipe. 
The upper end of the grain storage section is fixedly connected with a connecting pipe, the lower end of the connecting pipe is rotatably connected with a motor, and a conical-surface distributor is fixedly connected to the motor.
Convex ribs are fixedly connected to the outer surface of the conical-surface distributor.
A power line of the motor penetrates through the connecting pipe to be connected with a power supply. 
According to the rotary distributing device, while grains slide down along the outer surface of the conical-surface distributor, the convex ribs fixedly connected to the outer surface of the conical-surface distributor push the grains to rotate along with the conical-surface distributor
and the grains fall in an inclined throw line
not only are the grains evenly distributed, but also the contact time of the grains with hot air flow in air is prolonged, and the temperature of the hot air flow is further lowered, so that the grain drying effect is improved, and the fissure ratio is lowered.
The utility model provides a conversion system is retrieved in biomass energy source, it relates to one kind and retrieves conversion system, concretely relates to conversion system is retrieved in biomass energy source.
The utility model discloses a solve present biomass energy source converting apparatus conversion inefficiency, and can produce the problem of harmful substance polluted environment among the conversion process.
The utility model discloses a grinding tank body, smash the blade axle, smash driving motor, the motor support, the charging line, the fermentation vat, the (mixing) shaft, agitator motor, marsh gas pipe, a plurality of crushing blades and a plurality of stirring vane
it sets up internally at grinding tank to smash blade axle level, a plurality of crushing blades suit side by side are epaxial at crushing blade
smash the one end of blade axle and crushing driving motor's rotation axis connection, it sets up on the motor support to smash driving motor
the discharge gate of grinding tank body bottom passes through the charging line and is connected with the feed inlet of fermentation vat.
The utility model belongs to the new forms of energy field.
The utility model discloses an inertia dust remover for a biomass energy boiler. The inertia dust remover comprises a shell which is arranged in a flue of the biomass boiler, wherein a gas inlet is formed at the air intake end of the shell, and a gas outlet is formed in the air outlet end of the shell
11 rows of dust baffles are arranged in the shell along the flow direction of flue gas, and each row of dust baffles are arranged in the shell in a staggering manner.
After the inertia dust remover is used, only incompletely-burned biomass particles with small particle sizes can enter a bag-type dust collector.
Due to small particles and limited burning calories, the damage to the bag-type dust collector is greatly reduced than the previous damage, thus the service life of the bag-type dust collector is greatly prolonged.
Test proves that after the inertia dust remover is used, the service life of the bag-type dust collector is prolonged by more than two times.
As the bag-type dust collector is replaced without needing frequency machine halt, the replacement cost of the bag-type dust collector is saved, the production efficiency of the biomass boiler is improved, and the labor cost of overhauling is also saved. 
For enterprises related to biomass energy, the inertia dust remover has very high popularization and application values.
The utility model relates to a multi-functional biomass furnace and belongs to the technical field of biomass energy devices.
According to the defects in the prior art, the multi-functional biomass furnace can make full use of biomass energy and improves combustion efficiency.
The technical scheme includes that the multi-functional biomass furnace comprises a furnace body, a batching device connected with the furnace body, a wind induction device installed on the furnace body, and an electric cabinet. 
The furnace body is composed of a combustion chamber, a wind distribution chamber, a flue gas fire tube, a water jacket, a smoke and fire chamber and a fire cover, 
wherein the combustion chamber is composed of a furnace lining, the wind distribution chamber and the flue gas fire tube are positioned outside the furnace lining, 
The water jacket is installed on the outer layer of the flue gas fire tube, the smoke and fire chamber is installed at the top of the combustion chamber, and the fire cover is placed at the top of the smoke and fire chamber. 
The batching device is composed of a hopper, a screw feeder installed on the lower portion of the hopper, a feed motor driving the screw feeder to operate, 
A storage silo installed on the lower portion of the screw feeder, and the storage silo is connected with the combustion chamber. 
The wind induction device is composed of a negative pressure induced draft fan, a wind distribution chamber, a flue gas channel and a smoke discharging pipe, 
And a wind supplying chamber is installed between the furnace body and the flue gas channel, and is separated from the flue gas channel through a partition wall.
The utility model discloses a flue gas waste heat recovery device, which is a split-type structure and comprises a heat absorbing section, a heat release section and an acquisition terminal
wherein the heat absorbing section is installed in a horizontal flue at the rear of an air preheater at the tail of a boiler flue gas system
the heat absorbing section comprises a heat exchanger and an internal circulating pipe, the internal circulating pipe comprises a water inlet pipe and a water outlet pipe,
and a temperature sensor is installed on the internal circulating pipe; and the heat release section comprises a heat exchanger and an external circulating pipe
the heat release section is connected with the heat absorbing section through the internal circulating pipe, the external circulating pipe comprises a water outlet pipe and a water inlet pipe,
a water flow regulating valve is installed on the water outlet pipe and is communicated with the acquisition terminal, and a flow sensor is installed on the water inlet pipe and is communicated with the acquisition terminal.
The flue gas waste heat recovery device has the advantages that not only can the heat loss of a boiler during flue gas exhaust be reduced and can the thermal efficiency of the boiler be improved, but the low-temperature corrosion and the ash blockage of boiler equipment are effectively avoided.
The utility model relates to a new forms of energy field, specific a powder edge -runner mill for biomass energy raw and other materials that says so 
including cutting device, smash the device, mill device and shell, cutting device is including cutting off the wheel and being used for holding a cavity that cuts off the wheel
it is provided with the blade to cut off to take turns to, cutting device is used for cutting off short section with materials such as straws
it under cutting device, smashes the device and comprises breakage wheel and broken chamber to smash the device setting, broken chamber top and a cavity intercommunication, broken chamber bottom still is provided with curved separation sieve
the device of milling includes rinding body and lower rinding body, go up the rinding body middle part and be provided with cylindrical passage
and upward the rinding body bottom is crude concave surface, the rinding body top is crude convex surface down, the utility model discloses a powder edge -runner mill for biomass energy raw and other materials
can with materials such as straw, leaf, branch through cutting off, smash and grind, and the process is high -efficient quick, grinds of high qualityly.
The invention belongs to the technical field of hot blast stoves and discloses a fermentation biomass energy heating type hot blast stove. 
A combustion disk is arranged in the hot blast stove, and provided with an igniter and a combustion disk temperature sensor; 
the combustion disk is connected with a gas storing tank, and the gas storing tank is connected with a biomass fermentation tank througha gas conveying pipe;
the biomass fermentation tank is arranged underground, and the gas conveying pipe is provided with a sucking pump and a non-return valve
the biomass fermentation tank is connected with a material smashing machine through a material conveying pipe; 
the material smashing machine is arranged on the lower side of a material storing hopper which performs feeding through a buckettype elevator
an air blower is arranged at one end of the hot blast stove, and connected into the hot blast stove through a gas inflow pipeline
and the upper end of the hot blast stove is providedwith a hot air output pipeline. 
The device is simple in structure and has good environment protecting performance, meanwhile, the production cost can be lowered, the problem that biomass fuel such asstraw in rural areas is excessive is solved, and wide application prospects are achieved.
The utility model relates to an automatic transfusion alarming device which comprises a guiding rod, a moving cup and a fixing plate.
The guiding rod penetrates through the moving cup and the fixing plate and is sleeved with a spring, the spring is respectively connected with the upper end of the moving cup and the fixing plate
a suspension device is installed at the bottom end of the guiding rod, a stop block is arranged on the inner lateral wall of the moving cup, 
a pressure adjustment screw is installed on the fixing plate, a microswitch is installed on the pressure adjustment screw, and the microswitch and the stop block are in interaction. 
The automatic transfusion alarming device has the advantages of being simple in structure, high in sensitivity and low in consumption.
A microswitch circuit is arranged inside the automatic transfusion alarming device, voice can be made for alarming prompting before soup in a transfusion bottle is to be used up,
distinguishing can be easily achieved, continuous naked eye monitoring by a nursing people or a nurse is not required, and medical hidden dangers are greatly reduced.
The utility model discloses a renewable energy preparation system which comprises a biomass energy generator, a solar thermal collector, a photovoltaic generating device and a slag treatment system 
wherein the biomass energy generator comprises a tank body with a feed opening and a gas collection bag at the top, a heat exchange tube arranged at the lower part of an inner cavity of the tank body
a slag slurry lifting pump at the bottom of the inner cavity of the tank body and a bubbler at the upper part of the inner cavity of the tank body
an outlet of the slag slurry lifting pump is communicated with a slag-liquid separator through a pipeline
an inlet of the bubbler is communicated with the upper part of the slag liquid separator through a bubbling booster pump
the gas collection bag of the tank body is communicated with a purifying chamber of a biomass energy purifier
a slag outlet of the slag liquid separator is connected with a feed end of a drying water conveying belt
a discharge end of the drying water conveying belt is connected with a feed opening of a sludge dryer
and the bottom of a purifying chamber of a biomass energy purifier is communicated with an alkaline liquid tank through a pipeline, and a combustible gas outlet pipe is arranged at the top.
The system disclosed by the utility model has the advantages that the use of solar energy and the use of biomass energy are integrated, and zero pollution, zero emission and zero consumption are realized.
The utility model discloses a solar energy and complementary big -arch shelter heating system of biomass energy, the solar water -heating heat collector passes through the knee wall's that the heat collector support fixed at the big -arch shelter upper portion
the air intake of big -arch shelter is connected through the export of tuber pipe with circulating fan, circulating fan's air intake is connected with the hot air exitus of heat exchanger
the return air inlet of big -arch shelter is connected through the cold wind import of tuber pipe with the heat exchanger, the water inlet of solar water -heating heat collector is connected through the export of pipeline with hot water circulating pump
hot water circulating pump still is connected through the water inlet of pipeline with living beings boiler
hot water circulating pump's import is connected with the cooling water outlet of hot -water tank, the delivery port of solar water -heating heat collector is connected through the hot water import of pipeline with the hot -water tank, 
the hot water import of hot -water tank still is connected through the delivery port of pipeline with living beings boiler, the utility model has the advantages of the temperature field is even in clean environmental protection, good reliability, the big -arch shelter.
The invention discloses a biological mass energy-marsh gas fermentation-solar energy integrated usage system,
which is characterized by the following: comprising biomass evaporated unit, marsh gas anaerobic fermentation unit, central integrated control unit, solar energy light hot unit, biomass gas heat supply unit, biomass fuel and marsh gas automatic mixed unit, fuel transmitting and distributing and user unit
connecting the central control unit and the other units separately
 connecting the biomass gasifying unit with the biomass fuel heat supply unit, biomass fuel and marsh gas automatic mixed unit separately
connecting the marsh gas anaerobic fermentation unit with the biomass fuel and marsh automatic mixed unit
connecting the biomass fuel and marsh automatic mixed unit with fuel transmitting and distributing and user unit
connecting the solar energy light hot unit and biomass gas heat supply unit with the marsh gas anaerobic fermentation unit separately.
This invention can transform the pollution as marsh gas source.
The utility model discloses a biomass energy source compressor mainly includes fixing device, compressor arrangement and conveyer
the utility model relates to a biomass energy source compressor setsup intelligent terminal, has reduced manual loading's labour cost
it can the required power of refined calculation to set up pressure sensor simultaneously, has reduced the loss of the energy
the utility model discloses simple structure, it is required with low costs, be fit for wide application in energy technology trade.
The utility model discloses a novel biomass energy source device, the power distribution box comprises a box body
The last fixed surface of box roof is connected with feed hopper, fixedly connected with diaphragm on the inside wall of box, fixedly connected with riser between the upper surface of diaphragm and the box
Be equipped with the cavity in the riser, the lateral wall of box was last isconnected with first motor, the output shaft of first motor passes through -hole and fixedly connected with driving gear on the riser
The driving gear is located the cavity, initiative gear engagement has a plurality of driven gear, the last fixedly connected with axis of rotation of driven gear
The one end of axis of rotation is rotated and is connected on the inside wall of cavity.
The utilitymodel discloses smash biomass, smash simultaneously later that qualified and unqualified biomass separates, therefore this kind of novel biomass energy source device is convenient for unqualified biomass and is carried out repulverize.
The utility model provides a living beings briquette-fuel production system, including material loading workshop section, smash the workshop section, briquetting workshop section and cooling packer section 
material loading workshop section is including throwing material shed and feed conveyer belt
crushing workshop section includes thick rubbing crusher, scraper blade conveyer belt and former feed bin, be provided with the helical shape supply air duct on the inner wall of former feed bin
It has the ventilation hole to distribute on the supply air duct, be provided with the flight in the former feed bin, briquetting workshop section is including ring mould briquetting machine, cooling packer section includes cooler and packagine machine.
The beneficial effects of the utility model are that through this living beings briquette -fuel production system, can with the straw through smash
The briquetting forms the living beings briquette -fuel, has reduced the straw burning to the pollution of environment and the waste of resource,
Is provided with air pipe on the inner wall of former feed bin in addition, can carry out the drying to the material after crushing.
The utility model provides a slot type solar energy and biomass energy heat exchange power generating system, which is used for solving the problem that in the prior art, a slot type solar thermal power generation system has low power generation efficiency.
The slot type solar energy and biomass energy heat exchange power generating system comprises the slot type solar thermal power generation system,
wherein the slot type solar thermal power generation system comprises a heat collecting device, a heat exchange device, a steam boiler control device and a power generation device which are sequentially connected;
biomass energy system for heating the steam boiler control device is also connected onto the steam boiler control device. 
The slot type solar energy and biomass energy heat exchange power generating system can play a certain auxiliary function on the slot type solar thermal power generation system
beneficial for effectively improving the power generation efficiency of the solar thermal power generation system, and has very good practicability.
The invention belongs to the technical field of the energy and chemical industry, and particularly relates to a biomass energy recycling method. 
A biomass recycling device used in the method comprises an incinerator, a corrugate smoke discharge pipe communicating with a smoke discharge opening is arranged on the smoke discharge opening, a spiral spring is arranged on the smoke discharge pipe
two adjacent spring coils of the spiral spring are clamped on the smoke discharge pipe, a servo motor, two sliding blocks and a driving shaft are arranged on the upper end of the incinerator, sliding grooves are formed in the upper end incinerator wall of the incinerator
the sliding blocks are matched with the sliding grooves, spiral protrusions are arranged on the sliding blocks, two spiral groovesare formed in the driving shaft and are opposite in rotation direction
the servo motor rotates positively and negatively to drive the sliding blocks to move in an opposite or away manner, local spring coils, clamped on the smoke discharge pipe, of the spiral spring are pressed and are intermittently and suddenly broken
vibration of the spiral spring and the smoke discharge pipe can be achieved,and two metal pipes are arranged in the incinerator
The device is simple in structure, and the heat energy recycling rate generated by biomass incineration is high.
The invention discloses a biomass energy compressor.
The biomass energy compressor comprises a stirring barrel, a compression barrel and a supporting seat, wherein the compression barrel is arranged above the supporting seat
a hydraulic cylinder is arranged on one side of the compression barrel
a pressing plate is welded to one end of a telescopic shaft of the hydraulic cylinder
a discharge port is formed in the side, away from the hydraulic cylinder, of the compression barrel
a movable plate is arranged on one side of the discharge port
the side, away from the compression barrel, of themovable plate is welded to a telescopic shaft of a telescopic rod
the telescopic rod is fixed to the side wall of a stop block;
a material guide groove is welded to the side, away from the supportingseat, of the compression barrel
a stirring barrel is arranged above the compression barrel
a hot air blower, a motor and a fan are arranged at the top end of the stirring barrel
a vertical stirring shaft is welded to one end of a rotating shaft of the motor
and a stirring rod is welded to the side wall of the stirring shaft, and a discharging port is formed in the bottom end of the stirring barrel.
The biomass energy compressor can firstly stir and dry biomass materials, and can improve the product quality.
The invention provides an energy landscape spatial planning method, belonging to the spatial planning technology field.
The energy landscape spatial planning method can determine a biomass energy development guidance strategy of Hei Longjing province through production potential analysis
constructs a spatial planning improvement strategy on the basis of a cross study of energy planning and spatial planning through energy supply and demand analysis and spatial and temporal variation prediction and can effectively reduce consumption of non-renewable energy.
The energy landscape spatial planningmethod is applicable to the energy landscape spatial planning field of the big, medium and small cities.
The invention discloses a method for generating electricity by coupling and complementing solar energy-biomass energy-hydrogen energy
comprising the following steps: first biomasses are added into a gasifier, and generated biomass syngas enters a generator to generate electric energy after being processed
under the condition of sunniness, the biomass syngas is completely processed and added with hydrogen to be synthesized into methanol gas and water in a methanol synthesis tower
the synthesized methanol is heated in a solar heater and then decomposed into a gas mixture of H2 and CO in a methanol thermal decomposer, and the gas mixture enters the generator to generate the electric energy.
The method adopts the biomass energy as a complement of the hydrogen energy and the solar energy during thermal electricity generation and can give full play to the potential of the generator
the biomass energy is used for independently generating electricity without sun, and with sun, the solar energy and the hydrogen energy are used for assisting the biomass energy to generate electricity
thus not only avoiding the sulfide which can not be completely removed from the single biomass energy from corroding gas generators, but also ensuring the stability of network electric power, greatly reducing the electricity generation cost
fully showing the advantage of complementation of the three kinds of energy and realizing round-the-clock operation of the generator.
The utility model discloses a multi-functional complementary independent power generation system.
The multi-functional complementary independent power generation system comprises a solar power generation unit, a wind energy power generation unit, a wave energy power generation unit
a biomass energy power generation unit, a diesel power generator, an electric power control unit, sea water desalination equipment and a monitoring unit,
wherein the solar power generation unit, the wind energy power generation unit, the wave energy power generation unit and the biomass energy power generation unit are connected with a storage battery through a direct current bus of the electric power control unit
an output end of the storage battery is connected with inverters through the direct current bus
the inverters are connected with a load, and the diesel power generator is directly connected with the user load.
The multi-functional complementary independent power generation system generates power by utilizing multiple types of renewable energy
improves energy output stability and power generation efficiency, can reduce artificial pollution and destroy to a maximum limit to protect an island environment, has a wide application scope
can realize power generation combination in different modes according to resource statuses of different areas or islands and demands and has great importance in improving self power supply capacity of the islands and solving a problem of electricity use for no-electricity population.
The invention discloses a method for mixing and preparing biomass energy raw materials, and relates to the technical field of biomass energy processing and manufacturing. 
The method is characterized by comprising operation steps of material selecting, material cleaning, soaking, co-combustion substance adding, material grinding, combustion improver adding and squeezing.
The method has the advantages of reasonableness, convenience in operation and high combustion value.
The invention discloses an LQ-67 which relates to a biomass energy water-saving and emission-reduction potato starch processing system, in particular to a water-saving and pollution-emission-reduction production process for producing the biomass clean coal as well as starch blocks near the river in the field.
A juice squeezing device is additionally arranged between an ordinary filing working procedure and an ordinary slurry-residue separation working procedure
the potato juice is squeezed out and the filing working procedure is returned
starch precipitates and the waste water are circularly used for washing potatoes
the starch waste water is reutilized
the crude potato juice is taken as the high-level liquid organic fertilizer and/or the rural marsh gas raw material
and the potato residue is taken as the biomass sulfur-retention clean coal raw material.
The invention relates to a vehicle type powder residue compound cake production technology and a special manual juice squeezer and serves as a potato starch processing system capable of increasing the biomass energy output
saving the production water supply and reducing the sewage emission as well as the storage and transportation cost and with flexibility, mobility and simple and convenient operation.
The invention provides a method for unloading materials by utilizing an unloading device. 
The materials are arranged on a storage platform; and the unloading device comprises a driver, a connecting piece and an unloading piece fixedly connected with the connecting piece, wherein the driver is used for driving the connecting piece, so that the unloading piece horizontally reciprocates. 
The unloading method comprises that: the unloading piece is aligned to the materials, the driver is started to drive the unloading piece to horizontally reciprocate through the connecting piece, and the unloading piece pushes and/or pulls the materials until the materials leave the storage platform.
According to the method for unloading the materials, when the materials are unloaded, the driver drives the unloading piece to horizontally reciprocate through the connecting piece, the materials are pushed or pulled, and the work of unloading the materials is completed efficiently, easily and conveniently.
The invention relates to aromatic biomass energy particles which comprise the following raw materials in parts by weight: 60-80 parts of straws, 12-24 parts of pine needles, 12-26 parts of saw dust, 5-15 parts of twigs of Chinese scholar trees, 20-40 parts of twigs of chaste trees, 3-8 parts of fruit essences and 15-25 parts of cow dung.
The aromatic biomass energy particles provided by the invention have the benefit that an inventor carries out a lot of raw material screening experiments and ratio adjustment experiments at the early stage and accidentally discovers matched use through selecting proper raw materials and reasonable ratio setting in the study
so that the aromatic biomass energy particles have the advantages of being less in pollution, high in combustion efficiency, good inenergy-saving effect and the like.
The invention relates to a biomass energy burning boiler and a working method thereof. 
The biomass energy burning boiler is characterized in that the boiler comprises a boiler hearth, a wall-wrapped membrane type wall low-temperature superheater connected with the boiler hearth, and a steam pocket arranged outside the boiler hearth; 
a U-shaped smoke channel is arranged in the wall-wrapped membranetype wall low-temperature superheater, a screen type medium-temperature superheater and a serpentine tube low-temperature superheater are sequentially arranged in the smoke channel
a screen type high-temperature superheater is arranged in the boiler hearth, and the steam outlet end of the steam pocket is sequentially connected with superheater tubes which are located on the wall-wrapped membranetype wall low-temperature superheater, the serpentine tube low-temperature superheater, the screen type medium-temperature superheater and the screen-type high-temperature superheater correspondingly. 
According to the boiler, the working capability on a steam turbine is improved, so that the circulation heat efficiency is improved.
The utility model discloses an intelligent biomass powder burner. 
The intelligent biomass powder burner comprises a furnace bod
a hearth, a biomass powder inlet, an ignition device inlet and a fire outlet are formed in the furnace body, and the biomass powder inlet, the ignition device inlet and the fire outlet are communicated with the hearth
the biomass powder inlet and the ignition device inlet are arranged adjacently and side-by-side
the biomass powder inlet is formed in one side of the hearth while the fire outlet is formed in the other side
the biomass powder inlet blows the biomass powder into the hearth along with the main air current
at least one air mixing duct is formed in the furnace body
the intelligent biomass powder burner further comprises auxiliary air inlet mechanisms corresponding to the air mixing ducts, and each auxiliary air inlet mechanism generates the air current blown to the corresponding air mixing duct.
By the aid of the auxiliary air inlet mechanisms, the air current is capable of raising and re-igniting the biomass powder at the bottom of the hearth
so that the direct slag bonding under high temperature is avoided, the utilization efficiency of the biomass powder is improved, and the service life of the burner is improved.
The utility model provides a novel biomass energy powder burner, include the biomass energy powder inlet who is linked together with the burner hearth, ignition entry and play burner, 
this biomass energy powder inlet and the adjacent setting side by side of ignition entry, biomass energy powder inlet's edge is the horn mouth.
Thus, the utility model discloses break through the structural form of traditional combustor, the usable coanda effect of biomass energy powder inlet of horn mouth form
make in biomass energy powder inlet's the pipeline straight to the air current that flows through biomass energy powder inlet the time
to taking place the diffusion effect all around, make biomass energy powder diffusion and evenly distributed rapidly after getting into the burner hearth, can not produce the powder circumstances of assembling
the ignition of being convenient for lights a fire to the biomass energy powder to it fully burns to do benefit to the biomass energy powder.
Therefore, the utility model discloses can carry out the high efficiency to the biomass energy powder and light a fire
and the burning of biomass energy powder is abundant, heat release efficiency is showing and is improving, and the practicality is strong
The invention discloses a full-mechanical-drive dry pre-treatment device and method for mixed kitchen waste.
The device comprises an organic matter and impurity separation unit, an organic matter breaking unit, a solid-liquid separation unit and a biomass energy raw material extraction unit.
Overall design is adopted in the device, the whole pre-treatment process can be conducted in the integrated device, impurity removal is put in the first place according to a whole system, and therefore the interference of impurities to following pre-treatment is effectively avoided;
integrated phased treatment and separation of the mixed kitchen waste are achieved through the change of the operating direction of a conveying belt and the rolling design of steel balls
efficient breakage of organic matter components with different hardness degrees is achieved through the design of a swingable breaking cutter
the solid-liquid separation device is squeezed by a piston, and multi-stage integrated continuous operation of unloading, squeezing, solid-liquid separation and residue discharging is achieved.
Dry treatment operation is carried out by the whole device, and therefore the defects that wet treatment steps are complex, the treatment effect is not easily controlled, and sewage and other secondary pollution are easily generated are avoided.
The utility model provides a slot type solar energy and biomass energy complementary system, which is used for solving the problem that in the prior art, a slot type solar thermal power generation system has unstable power supply.
The slot type solar energy and biomass energy complementary system comprise a slot type solar heat collecting system, a biomass energy reaction system and a power generation system, wherein the slot type solar heat collecting system comprises a light gathering device and a heat collecting device;
the heat collecting device is connected with a first steam generation device for absorbing heat;
the biomass energy reaction system comprises a biomass reaction device and a biomass boiler burning device
the biomass boiler burning device is connected with a second steam generation device;
and the power generation system is respectively connected with the first steam generation device and the second steam generation device. 
The system overcomes the defect of insufficient stability of an independent slot type solar heat collecting system and ensures the stability of power supply
and compared with the power generation efficiency of the independent slot type solar heat collecting system, the power generation efficiency of the system is improved.
The utility model discloses a continuous solar energy and biomass energy fermentation device for small apartments, which includes a biomass energy fermentation device, a counter weight lifting device and a solid-liquid separation device.
A feeding hole (3) and a gas guide pipe (4) are arranged at the top of the biomass energy fermentation device, and a discharging hole (19) is arranged at the bottom; 
the discharging hole (19) is connected with a feeding hole (20) of the solid-liquid separation device，the feeding hole (20) of the solid-liquid separation device is connected to a centrifugal cavity (21)
a pulling net (26) is mounted in the centrifugal cavity (21)，and a centrifugal discharging hole (22), a centrifugal residue hole (24) and a centrifugal liquid hole (25) are arranged on the centrifugal cavity (21).
The utility model solves the problems of the traditional biomass energy fermentation device, for example, the temperature cannot keep constant, the biogas yield is low, the material feed is not continuous, the discharge is difficult and dangerous
the biogas residue and the biogas liquid can not be separated completely and utilized efficiently, and incrustation and sedimentation are caused easily during the reaction process; therefore, the application prospect is very broad.
The invention relates to a numerically controlled biomass fuel pretreatment device, which comprises a storage silo, a conveying mechanism and a compaction/crushing device. 
The conveying mechanism is provided with a weight sensor, the weight sensor is connected with a signal processor, and the signal processor is connected with a variable frequency speed control driving device on the conveying mechanism and a variable frequency speed control device on the compaction/crushing device.
Due to the arrangement of the storage silo, the requirements for uninterrupted treatment can be satisfied.
An embodiment of the utility model provides a solar device and solar energy wall, this solar device is applied to the wall body of seting up indoor air intake and indoor air return port.
Wherein, solar device includes sun wallboard and transparent cover, sun wallboard set up in the wall body shelters from indoor air intake and indoor air return port are in order to form the intercommunication indoor air intake and indoor air return port's air duct, transparent cover set up in sun wallboard is kept away from one side of wall body.
The utility model discloses can effectively improve the weatherability of solar device's the whole thermal efficiency and sun wallboard, extension solar device's bulk life time.
The invention discloses a water dual-sided solar cell power generation system.
The water dual-sided solar cell power generation system comprises a dual-sided solar cell module array, a support system, condensation components and a floating support object, wherein the floating support object can be used for making the dual-sided solar cell module array
the support system and the condensation components floated on a water surface, the support system is arranged on the floating support object, the dual-sided solar cell module array is supported on the support system, and the condensation components are arranged below the dual-sided solar cell module array.
With the adoption of the water dual-sided solar cell power generation system, solar power generation on the water surface can be achieved
and moreover, a front surface and a back surface of the dual-sided solar cell module array both can be used for absorbing sunlight, the front surface is used for generating power through direct solar radiation, the back surface is used for reflecting sunlight through a water surface
the sunlight absorbed by the dual-sided solar cell module array is increased, and the integral power generation quantity of the dual-sided solar cell power generation system is improved.
The utility model discloses an integrative posture surface of water solar photovoltaic board array of pipe floats, including superficial pipe, photovoltaic board support, interconnected pole, locating lever, photovoltaic board and mounting, it arranges with the array mode to float the pipe
photovoltaic board support formula support as an organic whole is fixed through the mounting form whole floating platform on being floated the pipe, the both ends of interconnection pole form whole photovoltaic board base with adjacent whole floating platform coupling
the one end and the interconnected pole of locating lever are connected, and the other end is connected with whole floating platform makes the slope of whole floating platform, the photovoltaic board is established on photovoltaic board support.
This is novel to have the low cost, prevent wind, put characteristics such as wave to can be applicable to regions such as the surface of water such as pond, lake surface lays.
The invention discloses a solar rigid photovoltaic panel array on the water surface. 
The solar rigid photovoltaic panel array comprises a plurality of floating tables, connection shape steel, a photovoltaic panel support and photovoltaic panels. 
At least two side lug fixing holes are formed in the two sides of each floating table. 
The connection shape steel is fixedly connected to the two sides of each floating table through the corresponding side lug fixing holes so as to connect the floating tables in series to form serial connection floating tables, and the serial connection floating tables are distributed in parallel.
The photovoltaic panel support comprises support front legs and support rear legs, the support front legs and the support rear legs are arranged on the connection shape steel on the adjacent parallel distributed serial connection floating tables, and the parallel serial connection floating tables are connected into a whole. 
The photovoltaic panels are arranged on the photovoltaic panel support.
The solar rigid photovoltaic panel array has the advantages of being low in cost, windproof, resistant to waves and the like, and can adapt to laying on surfaces of ponds, lakes and other regions.
The invention discloses a solar cell series welding machine, which comprises a conveying belt, an automatic mechanism and a hot welding assembly.
The hot welding assembly comprises a resistance welding strip and a pressurizer
the resistance welding strip is arranged between the pressurizer and the conveying belt and is fixedly connected to the pressurizer
the pressurizer can drive the resistancewelding strip to move front and back in the direction perpendicular to the surface of the conveying belt, and pressure is applied to the to-be-welded cell pieces conveyed by the conveying belt through the resistance welding strip
the automatic mechanism is used for laying a welding strip on a main grid of the to-be-welded cell piece at a preset welding position
and the resistance welding stripcorresponds to the welding strip in position in a one-to-one mode.
In comparison with the prior art, the temperature during welding is not transferred to a silicon wafer, so that illumination and thermal annealing cannot be caused to the silicon wafer, induced attenuation of cell carriers is avoided, and the output power of the module is improved.
The invention also provides a solar cell series welding method with the above beneficial effects.
The utility model relates to a solar PV modules busbar and terminal box terminal connection structure, it includes transversal arrangement's solar PV modules
the terminal box terminal is hugged closely solar PV modules and is drawn forth right, the terminal box terminal includes the horizontal segment of being connected with the terminal box
the right -hand member of horizontal segment upwards is connected with vertical section
the upper end slant right side below of vertical section is connected with obliquely terminal box terminal linkage segment, is terminal box terminal linkage segment 30 with the contained angle of vertical section 60, solar PV modules is connected to the lower extreme of busbar, upwards buckle in the middle section of busbar
the upper segment of busbar is near in terminal box terminal linkage segment upper surface to weld between the two.
The utility model relates to a when solar PV modules busbar and terminal box terminal connection structure is applied to the welding of subassembly production terminal box, prevent the rosin joint, the welding of convenient easily operative employee is quick more effective.
The utility model discloses a solar energy power generation system, including solar cell panel for receive the sunlight, and convert it to electric energy
direct -current converter becomes current circuit with solar cell panel set, the dc -to -ac converter to ally oneself with on the current circuit that direct -current converter and solar cell panel set become
position sensor for the position of monitoring sunlight, and export the azimuth information of monitoring
the control unit receives the sunlight azimuth information to output control signal
drive unit is used for the deflecting direction that receives control signal and adjust solar cell panel.
The utility model discloses a jointly for the dc -to -ac converter provides the electric energy, the dc -to -ac converter has been givento direct transmission of most electric energy of solar cell panel output together for direct -current converter and solar cell panel series connection, and electric energy loss is minimum.
The control unit control adjustment solar cell panel's deflecting direction for solar cell panel can keep placing with sunlight vertically direction basically, realizes that the highest efficiency utilizes thepurpose of solar energy.
The utility model relates to a mechanical load test device for an amorphous silicon thin-film solar cell, in particular to a mechanical load test device capable of dispersing pressure intensity exerted on an amorphous silicon thin-film solar cell.
The mechanical load test device comprises a square-frame-shaped mechanical load test rack (1), a water bag (2) flatly pressed on the solar cell during the test is arranged above the position of the mechanical load test rack (1) 
where the solar cell is mounted during the test, a load cover plate (3) of which the side edge is hinged with the mechanical load test rack (1) is arranged above the water bag (2) and can be flatly pressed on the water bag (2) after being turned over and laid down
and a plurality of movable balancing weights (4) pressed on the load cover plate (3) during the test are arranged on the upper surface of the load cover plate (3).
The mechanical load test device can regulate and balance the pressure when used in the mechanical load test of the amorphous silicon thin-film solar cell
and enables the pressure intensity exerted at all positions of an amorphous silicon solar panel to be the same, thereby achieving the test purposes and requirements and realizing product inspection.
The invention discloses a correcting and grounding testing device of a solar cell module.
The correcting and grounding testing device comprises a solar-cell-module conveying mechanism, solar-cell-module correcting mechanisms and a controller
wherein the solar-cell-module conveying mechanism comprises a conveying frame and a conveying belt installed on the conveying frame, and the solar cell module is conveyed through the conveying belt
the solar-cell-module correcting mechanisms are installed on the conveying frame and used for homing in the solar-cell-module conveying process.
The device also comprises a solar-cell-module testing mechanism, and the solar-cell-module testing mechanism is used for achieving online grounding testing of the solar cell module
the controller is used for controlling movement of all the mechanisms and meanwhile storing a grounding testing result of the solar-cell-module testing mechanism.
By means of the correcting and grounding testing device of the solarcell module, the problem of high-voltage hidden safety hazards in the traditional manual grounding testing operation process can be solved, manual long-time operation can also be reduced, and the occupational health level of staffs is improved.
The utility model relates to an automobile -used solar skylight subassembly system
including solar battery subassembly, solar control ware, micro inverter, the solar battery subassembly pastes and adorns in the sunroof position, combines with sunroof, the solar control ware is connected with the solar battery subassembly
the solar control ware still is connected with automobile storage battery and micro inverter, the solar control ware is used for sending the electricity with the solar battery subassembly and charges to automobile storage battery,
the solar control ware still is arranged insending the electricity to the solar battery subassembly and sends into micro inverter, realizes the power supply of automobile -used alternating load.
The utility model discloses a high -efficient flexible solar cell array piece makes the subassembly possess certain bendable curvature, and laminating that can be fine is on solar skylight
the high printing opacity automatically cleaning materialof dull polish is adopted on the subassembly surface, can effectively increase photovoltaic power generation capacity
the charge -discharge of solar control ware guarantee storage battery safety, butoutput current under the while low light level condition.
A solar power system is mounted to a solar power componentry support structure (104) suspended above a pre-existing surface (101) by a collective of solar collector suspension base supports (103).
Suspended solar power system row support structure members (105) and suspended solar power system column support structure members (106) may for a solar component position lattice (107) to which a matrix of individual solar power components such as solar panels (18) can be attached.
Solar module quick-fasten assemblages (111) may serve also as solar componentry emergency releases (118) and may include loose axis retainers (128) and firm axis fasteners (127) such as dual component, single point operative emergency releases (121 ) and fasteners.
Slide-in retainers and comer slot tabs (136) can be included as well as frame alignment notches (138).
Fulcrum pivot fasteners (139) and slide wedge releases (142) can aid in installation and release.
The utility model discloses a single-sided imbricated solar cell module.
The solar cell module comprises at least two solar cells, the solar cells are sequentially arranged in a stacked mode to form an imbricated cell string
each solar cell comprises a front electrode and a back electric field, each front electrode comprises a front main grid and a front auxiliary grid
and the long sides of theadjacent solar cells are overlapped to form surface contact
adjacent solar cells are connected through front main gate electrodes and form an imbricated cell string through sintering.
According to the utility model, the cost is reduced, the reliability of the battery assembly is high, and the photoelectric conversion efficiency is high.
The utility model discloses a solar cell having a double-layer antireflection film and a solar cell panel.
The front face of a silicon wafer of the solar cell having the double-layer antireflection film is coated with the double-layer antireflection film.
The double-layer antireflection film includes a first silicon nitride layer and a second silicon nitride layer.
The first silicon nitride layer covers on the front face of the solar cell directly and has a first refractive index and a first thickness.
The second silicon nitride layer covers on the surface of the first silicon nitride layer and has a second refractive index and a second thickness.
The first refractive index and the second refractive index are both between 1.9 and 2.4, and the first refractive index is larger than the second refractive index.
A sum of the first thickness and the second thickness is between 70 to 90 nm.
The solar cell having the double-layer antireflection film in the utility model improves the integral antireflection effect of the solar cell.
The application refers to a radiation resistant inverted metamorphic multijunction solar cell.
A multijunction solar cell includes a first solar subcell having a first band gap and a first short-circuit current
a second solar subcell disposed over the first solar subcell and having a second band gap greater than the first band gap and a second short-circuit current greater than the first short-circuit current by an amount in the range of 2% to 6%
a third solar subcell disposed over the second solar subcell and having a third band gap greater than the second band gap and a third short-circuit current less than the first short-circuit current by an amount in the range of 2% to 6%
and a fourth solar subcell disposed over the third solar subcell having a fourth band gap greater than the third band gap, and a fourth short-circuit current less than the third short-circuit current by an amount in the range of 6% to 10%,
so that at an ''end of life'' state of the multijunction solar cell in an AM0 space environment the short-circuit current of each of the subcells are substantially identical.
The utility model relates to a solar electric torch which is provided with a cylinder body, a lamp holder connected with the cylinder body, and a switch arranged on the cylinder body, wherein a rechargeable battery is arranged inside the cylinder body;
an arc-shaped photovoltaic board is arranged on the outer surface of the cylinder body and comprises multiple groups of photovoltaic board subunits;
and the photovoltaic plate subunits are distributed in an arc-shaped manner and fixedly mounted on the outer surface of the cylinder body, and the photovoltaic plate subunits are connected in series with each other.
The arc-shaped photovoltaic board of the solar electric torch can receive light in different directions, so as to effectively receive solar energy.
Due to the arrangement of the arc-shaped photovoltaic plate, the space inside the cylinder body is effectively increased, so that the space for mounting the battery in the cylinder body is enlarged.
The utility model discloses a whole plate type solar heat absorbing plate.
The heat absorbing plate comprises a heat absorbing plate core and a water pipe, wherein the water pipe comprises a water inlet header pipe, a water outlet header pipe and a plurality of branch pipes
the branch pipes are communicated between the water inlet header pipe and the water outlet header pipe
the plate surface of the heat absorbing plate core is in welding connection with the branch pipes, and the heat absorbing plate core has an integral shape
in the utility model, the heat absorbing plate core is connected with each branch pipe, and each branch pipe can transfer the heat of the whole plate core, so that when only partial plate core is irradiated by the sun, all the branch pipes can still take part in the heat transfer
compared with the conventional plate core assembled by a plurality of fins, the heat efficiency of the plate core of the utility model is higher.
The invention discloses a solar cell including a plurality of solar cell pieces and welding belts.
A positive electrode surface of the solar cell is provided with a positive electrode grid line for the solar cell piece. The positive electrode grid line for the solar cell piece includes at least one main grid line and a plurality of parallel thin grid lines.
The main grid line is positioned at the edge of the positive electrode grid line for the solar cell piece. The positive electrode surface is matched with the positive electrode grid line for the solar cell piece in shape.
The main grid lines of the plurality of solar cell pieces are parallel to each other and are parallel to the welding belts; and the main grid lines of each two adjacent solar cell pieces are fixedly connected side by side by one welding belt in the direction vertical to the main grid lines.
The coverage area of the main grid lines is reduced, the using amount of silver paste is reduced and the light receiving area of the solar cell piece is improved.
Each two adjacent solar cell pieces share one welding belt, so that both the labor and consumables can be saved and series resistances among the solar cell pieces are reduced.
A solar module and a method for fabricating a solar module comprising a plurality of rear contact solar cells are described.
Rear contact solar cells (1) are provided with a large size of e.g. 156 * 156 mm<2>.
Soldering pad arrangements (13, 15) applied on emitter contacts (5) and base contacts (7) are provided with one or more soldering pads (9, 11) arranged linearly.
The soldering pad arrangements (13, 15) are arranged asymmetrically with respect to a longitudinal axis (17).
Each solar cell (1) is then separated into first and second cell portions (19, 21) along a line (23) perpendicular to the longitudinal axis (17).
Due to such cell separation and the asymmetrical design of the soldering pad arrangements (13, 15)
the first and second cell portions (19, 21) may then be arranged alternately along a line with each second cell portion (21) arranged in a 180-degree-orientation with respect to the first cell portions (19) and such that emitter soldering pad arrangements (13) of a first cell portion (19) are aligned with base soldering pad arrangements (15) of neighboring second cell portions (21), and vice versa.
Simple linear ribbon-type connector strips (25) may be used for interconnecting the cell portions (19, 21) by soldering onto the underlying aligned emitter and base soldering pad arrangements (13, 15).
The interconnection approach enables using standard ribbon-type connector strips (25) while reducing any bow as well as reducing series resistance losses.
The invention relates to the photovoltaic or semiconductor field, in particular to a solar cell string and a solar cell component for ground power generation and a solar cell plate thereof. 
The solar cell string for ground power generation is characterized in that the cell plate is 3-40cm long, 1-15cm wide and 0.08-2mm thick, the front face of the cell plate is provided with fine grids, the line width of the fine grids is 10-200 microns
the spacing of the fine grids is 1-10mm, one end of the fine grids of the cell plate is connected with the back surface of a cell plate with an identical structure through bus bars in a welding way, and the direction of the bus bars is identical to the direction of the fine grids of the cell plate.
Since the light receiving area of the cell plate is larger than the light receiving area of the existing cell plate, the invention improves the conversion efficiency of the cell plate.
Moreover, since short bus bars are connected between the cell plates of the solar cell string provided in the invention, the current movement distance is short and is about one hundredth of the existing structure
thereby reducing the electric quantity loss of the solar cell component as well as the material cost.
The utility model provides a solar cell with novel isolation structure, solar cell includes battery piece and a plurality of busbar, a plurality of the busbar sets up the one end of battery piece, 
the one end of busbar with the battery piece is connected, is used for collecing electric current on the battery piece, the isolation structure includes first parting strip and second parting strip.
In solar cell's assembly process, need not set up the opening of permiing the busbar and passing at the parting strip, need not carry out the operation that the busbar passed the parting strip upper shed yet
can avoid installing the ruptured condition of battery piece among the operation process, improve the yields of solar cell production, reduce solar cell's manufacturing cost.
And adopt the structure of two independent parting strips in this application embodiment, can realize the same insulated isolation effect through the material that the parting strip area is littleer than among the prior art, reduced the raw materials use amount equally, reduction in production cost.
A system for generating electrical power from solar radiation utilizing a thin film III-V compound multijunction semiconductor solar cell mounted on a support in a non-planar configuration is disclosed herein.
The utility model relates to a novel solar module glass cover and a solar module. The novel solar module glass cover comprises a glass body provided with a first surface and a second surface
wherein the first surface is arranged on the side towards the incident sunlight and comprises a decorative pattern structure with semiellipsoid projections and semiellipsoid recesses, and the second surface is arranged on the side towards an EVA (ethylene vinyl acetate) layer with a silicon wafer of the solar module and is in a suede structure.
The solar module is provided with a glass cover, an EVA layer with a silicon wafer and a backlight plate from top to bottom sequentially, and the glass cover is the solar module glass cover.
The novel solar module glass cover and the solar module are capable of decreasing incident reflected light rays so that luminousness of the solar module can be further increased, are not easy in dust accumulation but easy in cleaning and can be applied to adverse outdoor environments.
The invention relates to an anti-haze solar cell. Three layered structures are stacked sequentially so as to form the anti-haze solar cell. 
A surface of the anti-haze solar cell, which receives sunlight, is a front board layer; the middle of the anti-haze solar cell is a solar cell sheet
the bottom layer of the anti-haze solar cell is a back board layer
the front board layer is composed of a front board base body layer and a front board thin film layer covering the outer surface of the front board base body layer
the back board layer is composed of a back board base body layer and a back board thin film layer covering the outer surface of the back board base body layer
the front board base body layer and the back board base body layer are transparent thin film layers; and the front board thin film layer and the back board thin film layer are respectively a nano titanium dioxide layer.
According to the anti-haze solar cell, the front board layer and the back board layer have excellent water resistance and environmental friendliness; by means of the photocatalysis of nano titanium dioxide, influence of pollutants on the solar cell can be greatly eliminated
and therefore, sunlight can be utilized, and a haze-removing effect can be realized.
The utility model relates to a solar cell terminal box, solar cell subassembly and solar cell subassembly array.
The solar cell terminal box includes: the body, first single needle direct current circular connector is fixed in the outside of body, and with this internal anodal electric connection, and second single needle direct current circular connector, be fixed in the outside of body, and with this internal negative pole electric connection
wherein, first single needle direct current circular connector is first single needle direct current aviation female, and second single needle direct current circular connector is second single needle direct current aviation female, perhaps
first single needle direct current circular connector is the public plug of first single needle direct current aviation, and second single needle direct current circular connector is the public plug of second single needle direct current aviation.
Above -mentioned solar cell terminal box has adopted single needle direct current circular connector, and it is convenient to peg graft, and it can dismantle to need not specialized tool, and it is firm to peg graft simultaneously, has avoided the direct current to draw the arc to arouse the danger of conflagration.
Consequently, the utility model discloses a solar cell terminal box is favorable to using.
The utility model provides a special solar car top of solar energy electric automobile, including non -light tight upper cover toughened glass, solar module and binder, solar module sets up in upper cover toughened glass below, the binder is used for being fixed in the roof with toughened glass, and solar module is the flexible crystalline silica solar module of concatenation
solar module comprises ETFE, crystalline silicon solar cells and flexible backplate, solar module through tailor use after the concatenation bonding agent paste with roof surface grooves in
high light transmission rate's colourless toughened glass covers in the solar module top to make its and automobile body bond through the bonding agent, the roof is the irregular curved surface's that has great two -way radian roof.
The utility model discloses a this type of structure can be better adaptation solar car's roof radian, reduce solar module's service conditions restriction to solar module's life can have effectively been prolonged.
For simplifying the installation flow, reduce the investment cost in power station, the utility model provides a connecting piece of solar panel and roofing which comprises profiled sheet
solar paneland the subassembly frame, the middle part of profiled sheet is bent protrudingly for T type structure
it is structural in the T type that the subassembly frame passes through the bolt fastening topack the sealant in T type space, solar panel fixes on the subassembly frame, the both ends of profiled sheet set up to hook structure, 
two logical turn the corner hooks of profiled sheet are detained mutually and are linked together, the width of profiled sheet equals solar panel's width.
The utility model relates to a photovoltaic technology field, this mounting structure need not install the purlin, has saved steel, has saved the investment cost in power station, has realized building integrated photovoltaic.
The utility model relates to the technical field of power generation, in particular to a control circuit of a controller of a solar power generation system.
The control circuit structurally comprises a standard voltage regulator circuit, a battery power detection circuit, a battery power comparing and indicating circuit and a 5V voltage regulator circuit
wherein the output end of the standard voltage regulator circuit is connected with the first input end of the battery power comparing and indicating circuit, 
the output end of the battery power detection circuit is connected with the second input end of the battery power comparing and indicating circuit, the output end of the battery power comparing and indicating circuit is connected with the input end of the 5V voltage regulator circuit.
The control circuit of the controller of the solar power generation system has the characteristics of little used components, simple structure, low cost, long service life and low power consumption.
The invention discloses a solar thermal collector which comprises a thermal collection pipe, a framework, a reflecting plate and a reflecting plate rotation control device
the reflecting plate is positioned on the back side of the thermal collection pipe, and a focal axis of the reflecting plate is coincident with the axis of the thermal collection pipe
the reflecting plate is used for gathering the solar energy onto a thermal absorbing body of the thermal collection pipe
The reflecting plate rotation control device is used for driving the reflecting plate to rotate by taking the focal axis as a center, so that the reflecting plate can rotate along the change of sunshine.
The invention further discloses a method for converting solar energy into mesothermal heat energy by utilizing the solar thermal collector, so that the self tracking of sunshine can be realized, the problems of common tank type.
tower type, butterfly type, Fresnel type thermal collection modes are high in cost, and incapable of combining with a factory building and the problem that the non-tracking focusing mode is small in focusing ratio can be solved.
4-20 times of solar focusing ratio can be realized, solar energy is efficiently converted into mesthermal heat energy to obtain a stable mesothermal heat source of 100DEG C-300DEG C.
The invention discloses a straight-through solar collector tube and belongs to the field of solar energy. 
The straight-through solar collector tube comprises a glass outer tube, a metal inner tube, an end cover, a corrugated tube, a kovar alloy ring, a shading ring and a getter device, wherein one end of the corrugated tube is connected with the metal inner tube through the end cover
the other end of the corrugated tube is connected with the kovar alloy ring through a connecting piece
the shading ring and the getter device are fixed on the connecting piece; a solar selective absorption coating is coated on an outer surface of the metal inner tube
a vacuum annular space is formed between the glass outer tube and the metal inner tube; the metal inner tube is a bimetal composite tube
the glass outer tube is made of neutral borosilicate glass; and the glass outer tube and the kovar alloy ring are directly hermetically sealed together.
By the solar collector tube, temperature gradient and thermal stress on axial and circumferential walls of the metal inner tube can be obviously reduced, the sealing-in manufacturing difficulty is reduced, the reliability of the solar collector tube can be improved, and the service life of the solar collector tube can be prolonged.
The invention discloses a non-vacuum type solar water heater and a thermal insulation method of a solar heat-collecting tube of the same, the solar water heater comprises a water tank, the solar heat-collecting tube and a glass body on the outer side of the solar heat-collecting tube
wherein the water tank and the solar heat-collecting tube are mutually communicated through a circulating pipeline
a thermal insulation layer in the non-vacuum state is arranged between the solar heat-collecting tube and the glass body; the thermal insulation layer is set to be a gaseous thermal insulation layer; and a solar light-induced thermal layer is arranged on the glass body.
As the technical means of arranging the solar light-induced thermal layer on the glass body on the outer side of the solar heat-collecting tube is adopted, even the thermal insulation layer is the gaseous thermal insulation layer in the non-vacuum state.
the solar light-induced thermal layer positioned on the glass body can also absorb solar energy and heat the glass body for rising the temperature while the solar heat-collecting tube absorbs the solar energy and carries out heat exchange with liquid in the tube.
there by stopping dissipating heat on the inner side of the glass body to the outside, that is reducing the outward dissipation of the heat of the solar heat-collecting tube.
The invention relates to a power supply device of a solar photovoltaic power generation system applied to an offshore oil platform, and belongs to the technical field of new energy application.
Sunlight illuminates the broad ocean, the offshore oil drilling platform is erected in the ocean, and a solar cell matrix following the sun to change direction receives the illumination of the sunlight to generate direct current
and the direct current is input to a controller through a conductor wire for adjustment and then is input to an inverter and converted into alternating current to supply power to a plurality of LEDs on the offshore oil drilling platform
so that the LEDs illuminate the offshore oil drilling platform and a helicopter parking platform to meet the requirements of night work illumination of the offshore oil platform and all-day domestic consumption.
After the adjustment of the controller, the direct current can be also stored in a lithium ion battery for standby.
With the progress of technology, the area of the solar cell matrix depending on the offshore oil platform can be widened, and the photoelectric conversion efficiency is continuously improved, so that more electric power is provided for prospecting and exploiting offshore oil.
The utility model discloses a solar charging paper, including solar cell panel, surface fabric and terminal box, the front of surface fabric is equipped with solar cell panel installing zone and terminal box installing zone, the solar cell panel encapsulation is on the solar cell panel of surface fabric installing zone
the terminal box is fixed on the terminal box installing zone, solar cell panel is the terminal box power supply, be equipped with the output interface in the terminal box, solar cell panel's quantity is at least one.
The utility model discloses with solar cell panel encapsulation on the surface fabric, not only realized charging for the electronic product through solar energy, moreover small, convenient to carry, safety ring guarantor.
The invention relates to a solar cell slice. Current generated by the solar cell slice is converged to a node by fine grid lines and then is conveyed by the node onto a back electrode or a back electric field on the back surface of another adjacent cell slice through a convergence belt.
The invention has the beneficial effects that a conductive hole is prevented from being arranged on the cell; expensive conductive paste is not required to be filled; no complicated electrode connection is required on the back surface of the cell slice; and while the manufacturing cost is reduced, the photoelectric conversion efficiency equivalent to that of a highly-efficient solar cell is kept.
All the fine grid lines are arranged crosswise and are converged into at least one node; and the current generated by the cell slice can be conveyed from the fine grid line with the shortest length to the node, so that the resistance is minimum when the current is conveyed on the fine grid line, thereby reducing the electric energy loss and improving the electric energy utilization rate of the cell slice.
The node of the solar cell slice has small volume, so that the light shielding area on the front surface of the cell slice is reduced, and the effective illumination surface on the front surface of the cell slice is increased, thereby improving the power generating capacity of the cell slice within the unit area.
The invention also provides a cell string and a cell module using the solar cell slice.
The invention relates to a double antireflection layer structure of a solar cell reflection film and a preparation method thereof.
The double antireflection layer structure is formed by an upper antireflection layer, a crater antireflection layer and a base layer in sequence.
The crater antireflection layer in the middle is provided with arc-slope concave craters.
The upper antireflection layer is composited on the upper surface of the crater antireflection layer and is formed by a bottom layer film and particles densely arranged thereon, wherein the surface of each particle has a suede shape. The bottom layer film and the upper surface of the crater antireflection layer are integrated and jointly form the concave craters.
The crater layer is prepared through deposition by adopting the PECVD technology; the PECVD technology can be used to prepare the uniform and performance-stable crater layer structure; the controllability is high; and the thickness of the antireflection layer can be controlled accurately.
A solar cell has more than 90 % high transmissivity. The antireflection layer is simple in specific processes, quick in deposition time and low in energy consumption; the double antireflection layers has sequentially-increasing refractive rate; and the structure can provide possibility for large-area industrial production.
The invention discloses a solar elastic photovoltaic plate array on a water surface. 
The array comprises multiple floating tables, clamping tubes, locking blocks, manufacture of connecting rods, the connecting rods, a photovoltaic plate support and photovoltaic plates
wherein straight line grooves are formed in two sides of the floating tables; the clamping tubes are inlaid in the straight line grooves which are formed in the two sides of the floating tables
clamping tubes carry out horizontal in-series connection of the multiple floating tables, and the clamping tubes are fixed and limited inside the straight line grooves by the locking blocks
the multiple in-series connected floating tables are connected by multiple sets of connecting rod assemblies to form a floating table array, the photovoltaic plate support is disposed on the connecting rods
photovoltaic plates are disposed on the photovoltaic plate support; and the clamping tubes and the connecting rods are plastic tubes.
The plastic tubes have certain flexibility and rigidity, so that the clamping tubes and the connecting tubes can move up and down to a certain extent with waves in longitudinal and horizontal directions and will not be damaged when the waves on the water surface move up and down. In this way, long-term and normal operation of the equipment is ensured.
The array disclosed by the invention is characterized by low cost and resistance to winds and waves, etc. Hence, the array is applicable to being laid on areas such as a pond water surface and a lake surface.
The invention relates to a transparent conductive window layer for a solar cell and a CIGS-base thin-film solar cell. The CIGS-base thin-film solar cell comprises a substrate, a back electrode layer, a light absorption layer, a buffer layer, an intrinsic zinc oxide layer, and a transparent conductive window layer which are successively stacked. The transparent conductive window layer is formed by a metal-base transparent conductive layer.
As the transparent conductive window layer of the CIGS-base thin-film solar cell, the metal-base transparent conductive layer has lower square resistance and thinner thickness than a conventional transparent conductive window layer AZO film. 
Further, the metal-base transparent conductive layer has a good middle and far infrared reflection capability, thereby improving the performance of a thin-film cell.
The invention discloses a packaging method of a novel silicon base film solar battery. 
The solar battery comprises a front board component, a packaging film, a convergence belt, silica gel films and a piece of backboard glass
the packaging method of the novel silicon base film solar battery comprises the steps of: firstly, depositing a transparent conductive film on a piece of float glass; secondly, depositing a silicon film with Plasma Enhanced Chemical Vapor Deposition technology (PECVD)
thirdly, preparing a back electrode with sputtering or chemical vapor deposition technology; fourthly, sputtering or printing a back reflection layer
fifthly, performing insulating treatment at the edge; sixthly, disposing PVB (Polyvinyl Butyral) in the center of the front board component, wherein the length and the width of the PVB are respectively 5-30 mm smaller than the length and the width of a front board, and then paving the silicon gel films on the periphery of the PVB
wherein the thickness of the silicon gel films is the same as that of the PVB, then the whole front board is completely paved by the PVB and the silicon gel films
the silicon gel film at a leading-out part of the convergence belt has double layers, the other silicon gel films have a single layer, and the convergence belt is leaded out from the middle part of the double-layer silicon films
seventhly, covering the backboard glass, and laminating to form the complete component; and eighthly mounting a connecting box. 
The scheme can more efficiently reduce water vapor to enter the component, thereby improving the reliability of the component and reducing the loss of electrical property of the component.
The utility model discloses a solar tent, including tent body and solar charging mechanism, the tent body includes a plurality of support chassis, on adjacent two support chassis of tent body front end all the cover be equipped with the cloth cover,
solar charging mechanism includes supporting fabric material, photovoltaic board, terminal box, the left and right sides of supporting fabric materialis connected through zip fastener and two cloth covers respectively, the photovoltaic board is equipped with a plurality ofly to evenly locate on the supporting fabric material side by side.
the terminal box is equipped with the protecgulum, the protecgulum is fixed with the preceding terminal surface joint of terminal box to block the supporting fabric material between protecgulum and terminal box.
be equipped with a plurality of USB interfaces in the terminal box, a plurality of photovoltaic boards pass through the electric wire and establish ties, terminal box and the hookup of photovoltaic board electrical property.
every USB interface couples with the terminal box electrical property respectively.
The utility model discloses the structure is ingenious, and solar charging mechanism can charge for a plurality of small -size consumers under the circumstances of power going out not have very conveniently, the installation with dismantle convenient.
The invention discloses a printing process of a solar battery plate, which comprises printing a front electrode and printing a back electrode. The step of printing the front electrode comprises the steps of: printing a front silver grid line by two times
first printing an assistant grid, then printing a main grid and the assistant grid or printing the main grid and the assistant grid first, then printing the assistant grid; after printing and superposing twice, the solar battery plate with high and thin assistant grid line that is a thin grid line can be obtained.
The process can improve the photoelectrical conversion efficiency of the solar battery by improving the height-width ratio of the assistant grid line of the front electrode with adoption of printing twice.
Meanwhile, when the main grid line of the front electrode and the back electrode are printed by adopting a discontinuously printing, the cost of the silver paste is reduced, the shading area is decreased greatly, and the short circuit current Isc is increased, so that the photoelectrical conversion efficiency of the solar battery is remarkably improved.
The invention relates to a lens (10), a solar cell unit (40) comprising the lens (10) and a joining method for the solar cell unit (40), the lens having: a main body (20) with a substantially planar underside (22); 
a receiving surface (24) lying opposite the underside (22); a lateral surface region (26) that connects the underside (22) and the receiving surface (24); and an optical axis (28) running perpendicularly to the underside (22). 
At least one convexity (30, 32, 34, 36) is situated on the lateral surface region (26) on the main body (20) of the lens (10), at a first height (h1) above the underside (22).
The invention discloses a transformer with a high set-up ratio, a solar inverter and a solar battery system. According to the invention, the low output voltages of power sources are converted to high output voltages through the transformer with the high set-up ratio
and according to the specific application and different control methods, the outputs of the transformer with the high set-up ratio from a first technical scheme to a fourth technical scheme can be standard direct current voltages or controlled and modulated specific voltage wave forms.
By using the transformer with the high set-up ratio, the solar inverter and the solar battery system, the defects of small set-up ratio, long transmission path, large additional loss, low energy conversion efficiency and the like in the prior art can be overcome, 
so as to realize the advantages of large set-up ratio, short transmission path, small additional loss and high energy conversion efficiency.
The invention discloses a double-heat-source capacity quantitative comparison hot water supplying device of a solar heat pump. The device comprises a solar heat collector, a heat pump water heating machine, a hot water storage container and a control system, wherein a solar heating circulating loop is formed by connecting the solar heat collector with the hot water storage container
a heat pump heating circulating loop is formed by connecting the heat pump water heating machine with the hot water storage container; the control system is used for carrying out quantitative analysis on heat according to different time periods and controlling the working states of the solar heat collector and the heat pump water heating machine according to an analysis result.
The double-heat-source capacity quantitative comparison hot water supplying device has the beneficial effects that the working states of the solar heat collector and the heat pump water heating machine are controlled by collecting the data of the different time periods according to data comparison
so that the solar heat collector is used for heating to the greatest extent under sunlight according to different weather conditions; the supplementary heating is carried out by starting the heat pump water heating machine when the illumination is not enough
so that the hot water with the stable temperature can be efficiently provided at any time.
The utility model provides a solar cell string and a solar cell module. The solar cell string comprises a plurality of solar cell units which are arranged in parallel.
The conductive sheets are respectively connected with two adjacent solar cell units; the conductive sheet is divided into a first side and a second side in the width direction, the upper surface of the first side of the conductive sheet is connected with the back electrode of one of the two adjacent solar cell units, and the lower surface of the second side of the conductive sheet is connected with the main grid line of the other solar cell unit.
The embodiment of the utility model discloses a solar cell string. The conductive sheet can reflect light to the glass and then turn back to the surface of the battery
in addition,since the adjacent battery pieces are not overlapped, the light shielding of the battery units can be reduced by optimizing the shapes of the conductive sheets and the battery main grid lines, the utilization rate of the solar battery units is improved, the power loss of the solar battery units is reduced, and the high power of the solar battery string is realized.
The invention relates to a method for producing a solar cell and to such a cell itself.
The solar cell comprises a silicon substrate with a front side, facing the radiation, and a rear side, a first dielectric layer, running along the rear side, a second dielectric layer, running along the side of the first dielectric layer that is facing away from the substrate and consisting of a material from the group comprising silicon nitride, silicon oxide, silicon oxynitride, and a metal layer, extending along the side of the second dielectric layer that is facing away from the substrate.
In order to be able to produce the solar cell reproducibly with particularly high efficiency and few process steps, it is proposed that the rear side of the substrate has a gloss value at a 60 DEG irradiation angle of below 80 GU and that the first dielectric layer contains localized negative charges.
The utility model discloses a belong to solar energy electroplax field, concretely relates to a solar energy electroplax of granary cooling.
Specifically provide a solar energy electroplax of granarycooling, including solar energy electroplax chunk.
its characterized in that still includes: adjustable foot rest is used for adjusting the support apart from the height on granary roof, is located onthe granary roof, the support is used for supporting solar energy electroplax chunk, cup joints with adjustable foot rest.
solar energy electroplax chunk, solar energy collection and shelter from sundirect irradiation for the granary inlays in the support, the ridge tile shelters from the sunshine of granary roof top.
fixed solar energy electroplax chunk and waterproof, with solar energy electroplax chunk lock joint, the electric energy that comes from solar energy electroplax chunk with the transmission is collected to the electricity box, is connected with solar energy electroplax chunk electricity.
The invention provides a solar cell module which comprises at least two solar cells arranged in a stacked mode, wherein a nonopaque adhesive material layer is arranged between each two adjacent solar cells and binds the two adjacent solar cells together, and the two solar cells are mutually insulative.
Each solar cell in the solar cell module structure is independent, problems of mismatching currents or mismatching crystal lattices do not exist, photoelectric conversion efficiency of absorbed layers of all the solar cells can be maximized, and the photoelectric conversion efficiency of the solar cell module is improved.
The invention further provides a manufacturing method of the solar cell module.
According to the method, each solar cell can be manufactured independently, and therefore the characteristic of each solar cell can be flexibly adjusted as needed, bulk production of the solar cells can be achieved, the production period of the solar cell module is shortened, and production cost is reduced.
The utility model discloses a P type PERC bifacial solar cells's back electrode, including 2 at least silver -colored main grids of the back of the body that is parallel to each other and 25 500 the aluminum gate line that the strip was parallel to each other
silver -colored main grid is perpendicular is connected with the back of the body for the aluminum gate line, the aluminum gate line is connected with P type silicon through the aluminum gate slotting area who sets up at the silicon chip back
the silver -colored main grid of the back of the body is connected with P type silicon through the silver -colored slotting area of the back of the body who sets up at the silicon chip back
it opens groove unit to be equipped with at least a set of back of the body silver along the back of the body silver -colored main grid extending direction interval setting in the silver -colored slotting area of the back of the body.
The utility model also discloses a P type PERC bifacial solar cells.
Adopt the utility model discloses, the electric current is derived can the reinforce, simple structure, and easy industrialization improves the photoelectric conversion efficiency of battery simultaneously.
The invention discloses a solar cell for mountain area power generation.
The solar cell comprises a solar cell box, a solar cell, an aluminium alloy frame, a base and a stone column. 
The solar cell box is provided with a plurality of springs which are connected to a baffle plate. 
The bottom surface of the solar cell box is hinged to a pillar and a hydraulic cylinder.
The lower end of the hydraulic cylinder is connected to a U-shaped groove through a pin shaft. 
The bottom surface of the U-shaped groove is fixed to the stone column. 
The direction of the U-shaped groove is configured as that when the bottom surface of the solar cell box is parallel to a horizontal plane, and the central axis of the U-shaped through groove of the U-shaped groove is perpendicular to the rectangular side surface of the solar cell box.
According to the solar cell, through adjusting the angle of the solar cell box to defend the impact of hail, the solar cell is protected, the service life is prolonged, at the same time, toughened glass and an EVA material layer are cancelled, the total amount of receiving sun light by a solar cell panel is increased.
the total amount of converting solar energy into electric energy is substantially improved, and the solar cell has a wide use value in a remote area without electric power.
A high efficiency configuration for a solar cell module comprises solar cells arranged in an overlapping shingled manner and conductively bonded to each other in their overlapping regions to form super cells.
which may be arranged to efficiently use the area of the solar module.
Rear surface electrical connections between solar cells in electrically parallel super cells provide alternative currentpaths (i.e., detours) through the solar module around damaged, shaded, or otherwise underperforming solar cells.
The invention discloses a water surface solar photovoltaic plate assembly base. 
The base comprises floating platforms, overhaul stands, metal racks and photovoltaic plates, each floating platform is an integrated floating platform which is integrally formed, the upper surface of each floating platform is an oblique plane which is oblique vertically, each floating platform comprises a front side which is lower and a rear side which is higher
the front side and the rear side of each floating platform are each provided with two first side lugs, and the front side and the rear side of each overhaul stand are each provided with two second side lugs
the floating platforms are arranged on the water surface in a matrix pattern, and each overhaul stand is arranged between the corresponding adjacent floating platforms and connected with the corresponding first side lugs at the two sides of the corresponding floating platforms through the corresponding second side lugs
so that the entire base is formed; each metal rack is arranged on the upper surface of the corresponding floating platform, and each photovoltaic plate is arranged on the corresponding metal rack.
The water surface solar photovoltaic plate assembly base has the advantages of being low in cost, resistant to wind and waves and the like, and thereby the water surface solar photovoltaic plate assembly base can be suitable for being laid on such water surfaces and areas as the pond surface and the lake surface.
The invention discloses a novel solar battery chip device with a nanostructure.
The novel solar battery chip device comprises a solar battery box, a solar battery, an aluminum alloy frame, a base and stone columns, 
wherein the solar battery box is provided with a plurality of springs; the springs are connected with a baffle plate; 
the bottom surface of the solar battery box is hinged with support posts and hydraulic cylinders;
the lower end of each hydraulic cylinder is connected with a U-shaped groove through a pin shaft; the bottom surface of each U-shaped groove is fixed on the corresponding stone column.
the direction of each U-shaped groove is configured that the central axis of a U-shaped through groove of each U-shaped groove is vertical to the rectangular side surface of the solar battery box when the bottom surface of the solar battery box is parallel to a horizontal plane.
By the novel solar battery chip device, impact of the hail is withstood through adjusting the angle of the solar battery box; the solar battery is protected; and the service lifetime is prolonged. 
Meanwhile, tempered glass and an EVA material layer are concealed; the total amount of sunlight received by a solar battery panel is increased; the total amount of power converted from solar energy is significantly improved; and the novel solar battery chip device has relatively wide use value in electricitiless remote districts.
The utility model discloses a photovoltaic solar panel's anchor structure and solar energy tracker, it includes the cant beam, fixes a plurality of anchor support on the cant beam.
Extend in order to form two wing structure on the cant beam towards the direction of keeping away from the cant beam at anchor support's both ends, two wing structure of same anchor support go up with transverse arrangement's the mode and/or the solid a plurality of photovoltaic solar panel of mode of vertical range.
The utility model discloses an anchor structure, in anchor support's the biggest position of moment of flexure, the local reinforcing plate that increases for tracker comprehensive cost is reduced to abundant effective utilization of material, 
improves the reliability, the installation is with the photovoltaic solar panel of constant power, and required ground basis quantity still less, and is in complicated topography and complex geological's region, very practical.
The utility model discloses still openly have the solar energy tracker of anchor structure.
The utility model discloses a double-sided direct-connection solar cell module, which comprises at least two solar cell pieces, the solar cell pieces are sequentially stacked to form a cell string, and the solar cell pieces comprise a first solar cell piece and a second solar cell piece.
Wherein the first solar battery piece comprises a first front electrode and a first back electrode, the first front electrode and the first back electrode are respectively provided with a transverse main grid.
at least one of the first front electrode and the first back electrode is provided with a contact, and the contact is arranged at the end part of the transverse main grid
the long edges of the adjacent solar cells are overlapped to form surface contact; adjacent solar cells are connected through a common contact and form a cell string through sintering.
The solar cell module is simple in structure, small in gaps among the cells, capable of reducing solder strip loss, high in reliability and highin photoelectric conversion efficiency.
The utility model discloses a solar heat-collecting unit structure which comprises a reflector and a heat collection and storage element
an all-glass evacuated collector tube is arranged on the outer layer of the heat collection and storage element; a composite phase-change thermal storage material is sealed in the all-glass evacuated collector tube
a U-shaped heat exchange tube for allowing a heat transfer medium to pass through or a heat tube for transferring the heat output is also arranged in the all-glass evacuated collector tube
the cross section of the reflector takes a composite parabola shape; and a high-temperature resistant selective heat-absorbing film layer is coated on the inner layer of the all-glass evacuated collector tube.
The heat collection and storage element receives the focused sunlight radiant energy reflected by the reflector
then the sunlight radiant energy passes through the outer tube, the vacuum layer, the inner tube and the selective heat-absorbing film layer of the all-glass evacuated collector tube 
finally, the heat energy is absorbed by the composite phase-change thermal storage material and stored in the composite phase-change thermal storage material
heat is transferred out through the U-shaped heat exchange tube or the heat tube as required, and the solar collectors of different sizes can be formed in a series-parallel connection manner.
The invention discloses repair technology of a tubular PERC solar cell. 
The repair technology is set after annealing of a silicon wafer and before film coating of a back face of the silicon wafer.
The repair technology comprises the following steps: (1) a semi-finished silicon wafer which stays over 4 hours after the annealing and before the film coating is placed into a repair furnace, nitrogen having a flow rate of 5-10slm is introduced into the repair furnace to achieve self-cleaning, and inlet time of the nitrogen is 1-5min.
(2) nitrogen having a flow rate of 5-20slm is introduced to blow and sweep dust on the silicon wafer.
(3) temperature of the repair furnace is raised from room temperature to 500-650 DEG C, and nitrogen having a flow rate of 1-5slm is introduced at the same time.
(4) the temperature of the repair furnace is kept at 500-650 DEG C for 5-30min, and nitrogen having a flow rate of 5-20slm is introduced at the same time.
Correspondingly, the invention further discloses a preparation technology of the tubular PERC solar cell.
Through adoption of the repair technology and the preparation technology, the problem of efficiency reduction brought by too long semi-finished product stay time is solved, and the EL yield rate is improved.
The invention relates to a single-glass solar module and a preparation method thereof. The single-glass solar module comprises a laminating piece and a frame. The laminating piece comprises a panel and a back plate. Part of the side edge of the laminating piece are sealed in the frame, and the end part of the back plate in the other side edges of the laminating piece is hermetically connected to the panel through a sealing piece.
According to the single-glass solar module provided by the embodiment of the invention, on one hand, the material consumption is reduced, and on the other hand, lightreflected to the back surface of the single-glass solar module from the ground is reduced, so that the generating capacity is improved, and on the other hand, the load capacity is improved.
The utility model relates to a solar cell sheet, a solar cell string, and a solar cell assembly.
A plurality of thin grid lines and at least two nodes are disposed on the front surface of the solar cell sheet, the nodes are arranged at intervals, the thin grid lines stretch to connect to the node which is relatively closer, and the adjacent nodes are connected through the thin grid lines.
The node is small in size, so that a shading area of the front surface of the solar cell sheet is reduced, and an effective illuminated area of the front surface of the solar cell sheet is increased, and therefore a power generation amount of per unit area of the solar cell sheet is improved.
The solar cell string comprises a plurality of the solar cell sheets which are serially connected in sequence.
The solar cell assembly is formed by packaging the solar cell strings.
The invention discloses a grid-shaped single-sided directly connected solar cell module, comprising at least two solar cell sheets,
wherein, the solar cell sheets are stacked and arranged in sequenceto form a battery string, wherein, the solar cell sheets comprise a first solar cell sheet
The first solar cell sheet comprises a first front electrode and a first back electric field, wherein the first front electrode and the first back electric field are provided with a transverse fine grid and a contact point, and the contact point is arranged at the end of the transverse fine grid
The long sides of adjacent solar cell sheets overlap to form surface contact
Adjacent solar cell sheets are connected through contacts and cured to form cell strings by applying conductive adhesive to the contacts.
Correspondingly, the invention also provides a preparation method of a grid-shaped single-sided direct-connected solar cell module.
By adopting the invention, the structure is simple, the gap between the use of the welding strip and the battery sheet is reduced, the electron collecting ability of the front electrode is enhanced, and the cost is reduced.
The invention discloses a solar cell and a display device thereof. The solar cell at least comprises a solar cell unit, or the solar cell can consist of a plurality of stacked solar cell units.
The solar cell unit comprises a first light-transmission electrode layer, a second light-transmission electrode layer, and a light active layer positioned between the first light-transmission electrode layer and the second light-transmission electrode layer, wherein the light active layer is used for absorbing light in a single color and converting light energy of the light in the single color to electric energy.
The light active layer can absorb the light in the single color in sunlight, allow light in other colors to be transmitted, convert the light energy to the electric energy, and present different colors, so that a color solar cell is formed; the color solar cell matched with an environment better can be set according to the environment where the solar cell is located; and the use flexibility of the solar cell is improved.
The invention discloses a graphite boat piece for solar silicon wafer coating and a graphite boat. 
A plurality of holes penetrating through the graphite boat piece are formed in the graphite boat piece, four corners of a solar silicon wafer fixed to the graphite boat piece in a back-to-back mode can be adsorbed through the holes in the vacuum coating process of the solar silicon wafer.
therefore the four corners of the solar silicon wafer on the graphite boat piece can be firmly adsorbed on the graphite boat piece.
the phenomena of corner chromatic aberration and diffraction caused by surface unevenness and even partial upwarp happening to the solar silicon wafer fixed to the graphite boat piece due to the fact that the surface and sticking point of the graphite boat piece are partially abraded in the coating process of the solar silicon wafer are effectively avoided, and a good guarantee is provided for forming uniform film layers on the silicon wafer.
The utility model discloses a metallurgy polycrystalline silicon solar cell having a double-layer antireflection film, and a solar cell panel. 
The silicon wafer of the metallurgy polycrystalline silicon solar cell having the double-layer antireflection film is a polycrystalline silicon wafer purified by a metallurgy method.
The front face of the silicon wafer is coated with the double-layer antireflection film. 
The double-layer antireflection film includes a first layer and a second layer which are both silicon nitride films.
The first layer covers on the front face of the solar cell directly and has a first refractive index and a first thickness. The second layer covers on the surface of the first layer and has a second refractive index and a second thickness. 
The total refractive index of the first layer and the second layer is between 1.98 and 2.03, and the first refractive index is larger than the second refractive index. 
A sum of the first thickness and the second thickness is between 78 and 85 nm.
The metallurgy polycrystalline silicon solar cell having the double-layer antireflection film in the utility model solves the obvious chromatic aberration problem of the solar cell and the technical problem of low short circuit current.
The utility model belongs to the technical field of lamps, in particular to a composite solar lamp, which comprises a base, and a circuit board, a solar panel, a battery and a lighting diode which are installed on the base.
wherein the solar panel is electrically connected with the circuit board, the circuit board is electrically connected with the battery, and is electrically connected with the lighting diode. 
The composite solar lamp is characterized by further comprising an ultraviolet light diode, wherein the solar panel is arranged on the upper side of a cover plate, and the edges of the cover plate are connected with the edges of the base through a plurality of supporting posts which can form a grid, 
the surface of the grid is coated with a titanium dioxide layer, and the lighting diode and the ultraviolet light diode are arranged in the grid. 
With the structure, the composite solar lamp has simple structure and convenient use, not only can well utilize solar energy to save energy and protect environment, but also shares the functions of lighting and air cleaning, and can be used in various places.
A method of electrochemical deposition solar cell metallic electrode includes the following steps: the cathodic surface of the solar cell contacts with the electrolyte solution.
the anodic of the solar cell connects with the solid metal; the main light surface of the solar cell execute light irradiation; the metallic ion in the electrolyte solution creates metal and deposits on the cathode surface of the solar cell, after accepting the electric produced by the cathode surface of the solar cell, meanwhile the solid metal creates metallic ion into electrolyte solution, after providing electric for anodic of the solar cell.
The method resolves a battery efficiency descendent problem caused by the short circuit during depositing metal on anodic, at the same time breakage solar cell piece by any electroplating rack and the inhomogeneous probable by deposited metal are avoided,
and can control the electrochemical reaction velocity effectively, assure the deposited metallic homogeneity, especially for producing a solar cell with selective diffusion structure.
The invention discloses a household wall-mounted flat solar heat-pump water heater and a control method thereof.
The household wall-mounted flat solar heat-pump water heater comprises an outdoor unit and an indoor unit, wherein the outdoor unit comprises a tube-wing heat collecting evaporator, a solar heat-pump compressor, a thermal expansion valve, a liquid storage device, a dry filter and an electromagnetic valve.
wherein the tube-wing heat collecting evaporator is formed through integrating a heat collecting plate core of a flat solar heat collecting panel and an evaporator of a heat pump.
the indoor unit comprises a controller, a heat-storage water tank and a coil tube type condenser which is arranged inside the heat-storage water tank.
the operation of the flat solar heat-pump water heater is realized through controlling the compressor, the thermal expansion valve and the electromagnetic valve by the controller.
Through the manner, the household wall-mounted flat solar heat-pump water heater has the advantages that various complicated, changeable and harsh working conditions of a solar heat collecting evaporator are overcome successfully
heat pump technologies can be applied to solar heat utilization, the efficiency is increased greatly compared with that of a solar water heater and that of an air source heat-pump water heater, and meanwhile, the problems that the flat solar water heater needs to be protected from frostbite in winter and the air source heat-pump water heater needs to be defrosted in winter are solved.
The invention discloses a solar cell applied to a photovoltaic power supply system resistant to impact, comprising a solar cell box, a solar cell, an aluminum alloy frame, a base, stone columns, drainage slots, guide slots, a drainage pipe, and a water storage tank. 
The solar cell box is equipped with a plurality of springs, and the springs are connected with a baffle. The bottom side of the solar cell box is in hinged connection with support columns and hydraulic cylinders.
The lower end of each hydraulic cylinder is connected with a U-shaped slot through a pin shaft. The bottom side of each U-shaped slot is fixed onto the corresponding stone column. The central axis of the U-shaped through slot of each U-shaped slot is perpendicular to the rectangular side face of the solar cell box.
The angle of the solar cell box is adjusted to resist hail impact, so that the solar cell is protected, and the service life is prolonged.
Moreover, toughened glass and EVA material are removed, the total amount of sunlight received by solar cell panels is increased, and the total amount of electric energy converted from solar energy is increased significantly. The solar cell is of extensive application value in remote areas without electricity.
The utility model relates to a solar assembly installation support which comprises a support frame. The support frame comprises a cross beam and a cant beam for the installation of a solar photovoltaic assembly. 
The support further comprises an inclined brace, a front column and a rear column, wherein upper ends of the front column and the rear column are connected with a front portion and a rear portion of the cant beam respectively, and lower ends of the front column and the rear column are movably connected with a front foundation pile and a rear foundation pile respectively.
Slots are arranged in the front foundation pile and the rear foundation pile for the front column and the rear column to insert in, and rubber sleeves are arranged between the front column and the front foundation pile, and between the rear column and the rear foundation pile, and are fixed by fastening positioning screw bolts and fastening self-tapping screws.
According to the utility model, the height of the front column and the rear column can be adjusted up and down so as to adjust the inclination angle of the solar assembly, thereby facilitating the installation and improving the utilization efficiency of solar energy.
The utility model relates to a solar foaming device.
The solar foaming device comprises an upper die body and a lower die body, wherein the upper die body and the lower die body are used for locating a solar inner container; the upper surface of the upper die body is provided with insertion components for locating the solar inner container; the upper surface of the lower die body is also provided with insertion components for locating the other end of the solar inner container.
a solar shell is sleeved on the upper die body and the lower die body, and the inner surface of the solar shell is respectively in contact connection with the outer surfaces of the upper die body and the lower die body
and the top of the upper die body corresponding to a vertical cavity formed by the solar shell and the solar inner container is provided with an injection hole.
The solar foaming device disclosed by the utility model has the beneficial effects of finishing a foaming process once, saving time and labor, and being simple in operation and structure and convenient in use.
The invention provides a solar cell and a manufacturing method of the solar cell. The solar cell comprises a first solar cell layer, a second solar cell layer and a transparent insulating layer.
The first solar cell layer comprises a first solar cell set which is formed by connecting one or more first-type solar cells in series, and the second solar cell layer comprises a second solar cell set which is formed by connecting one or more second-type solar cells in series.
The transparent insulating layer is located between the first solar cell layer and the second solar cell layer, through holes or channels are formed in the transparent insulating layer, conductive materials are filled into the through holes or the channels, and then the first solar cell set and the second solar cell set are connected in parallel.
The maximum power voltage at two ends of the first solar cell set is equal to the maximum power voltage at two ends of the second solar cell set.
The solar cell is a mechanically-stacked multi-section laminated cell, so that current matching is unnecessary among the first-type solar cells and the second-type solar cells, a high photoelectric conversion rate is provided, monolithic integration can be automatically formed in the technological process, the manufacturing method is easy and convenient to use and low in cost.
The utility model provides a solar panel corner sleeve.
A corner and a frame which are split are adopted in the prior art, which causes higher cost; or a corner sleeve fully wrapped by paper is adopted, which causes that a solar panel is protected when a finished solar panel is packaged and placed in a box and installed after the box is dismantled.
The solar panel corner sleeve comprises a body and an accommodating space arranged in the body and used for enabling the corner of the solar panel to pass through, wherein an opening used for enabling the corner to pass through is arranged in the middle of the bottom surface of the accommodating space, the width of the opening is more than or equal to the thickness of the corner, and the length of the opening is 5mm-15mm.
According to the utility model, unnecessary burring on the solar panel by a file can be effectively avoided, thus the yield is increased and the cost is lowered.
The invention discloses a portable solar panel, and relates to the technical field of solar cells.
The portable solar panel includes a solar panel body and a fixing frame with which the four sides ofthe solar panel body are wrapped; by arranging support parts on the back surface and bottom of the solar panel body, the solar panel body is supported. The solar panel body includes two solar panels hinged to each other, can be folded and is convenient to carry and easy to store.
The portable solar panel is simple in structure, easy to dismantle and convenient to transport, and the utilization rate of solar energy is improved.
The utility model relates to a box body support part, in particular to a solar power supply box supporting foot.
The top of a support rod is provided with a bracket fixing plate the side of which is formed by being surrounded by a plurality of planes and is provided with an opening; a screwed hole is arranged on the contact surface between the bracket fixing plate and the support rod; and the support rod is connected with the bracket fixing plate by screw thread.
The solar power supply box supporting foot has the characteristics of simple and reasonable structure, convenient use, assembly and disassembly, more functions, convenient carrying and the like.
The utility model provides a solar heating system belongs to mechanical technical field.
It has solved present flat plate solar collector at technical problem such as long -time use back face light transmissivity variation.
This solar heating system includes flat plate solar collector, and solar heating system still includes the containing box, and the containing box includes box and case lid.
and flat plate solar collector sets up in the box, and the flat plate solar collector both sides are close to wherein that one end department all is fixed with the pivot.
and it has the hinge hole, two to open on the both sides inner wall of box the pivot is rotated the connection respectively and on the hinge hole.
still is equipped with two connecting rods between flat plate solar collector and the box, and the one end and the flat plate solar collector both sides of two connecting rods are close to other end department and articulate.
and the corresponding one side with the box of other end inner wall of two connecting rods is articulated, when two connecting rods expand to straighten flat plate solar collector slope and location are outside the box.
The utility model has the advantages of make flat plate solar collector keep clean.
The invention relates to a solar battery control circuit which comprises a solar charging module, a battery module, an indicator lamp module, an output protecting module, a power source voltage conversion module, a USB output module and a single chip microcomputer. 
The invention further relates to a solar battery power supply system which comprises a storage battery, a solar panel, a connecting wire and a power supply control box. 
The power supply control box comprises a shell. 
An operating panel is arranged on the shell and provided with a circuit board of the solar battery control circuit. 
The shell is made of composite materials comprising, by weight, 50-80 parts of PP, 10-30 parts of PE, 10-20 parts of styrene-butadiene-styrene elastomer, 2-8 parts of calcium carbonate, 5-20 parts of waste rubber powder, 5-10 parts of glass fibers, 2-8 parts of compatilizer, 3-10 parts of flexibilizer, 1-2 parts of lubricant and 0.5-1 part of antioxidant.
According to the solar battery control circuit and the solar battery power supply system thereof, the circuit reaction speed is high, and the service life of the shell is long.
The invention provides a novel solar energy anti-tracking method.
At sunrise, working and stopping of anti-tracking motion are controlled according to the criterion whether an upper induction point and a lower induction point of each eastern sensor of trackers except a easternmost tracker are sunkissed or not
and at sunset, the working and the stopping of the anti-tracking motion are controlled according to the criterion whether an upper induction point and a lower induction point of each western sensor of trackers except a westernmost tracker are sunkissed or not.
The invention further provides a novel flat homotaxial solar energy tracking system which comprises three or more solar energy trackers.
Each solar energy tracker comprises two stand columns, four sensor assemblies, a solar cell panel mounting rack, a rotary driver, a bearing.
a solar cell panel aluminum frame and a solar cell panel and further comprises a hoop, a right-angle connecting piece and an M8 erection bolt.
wherein the hoop, the right-angle connecting piece and the M8 erection bolt play a role in connection. 
The novel flat homotaxial solar energy tracking system and the anti-tracking method are suitable for different installing places and installation gaps among different tracker arrays, and not affected by installation errors.
The invention provides a solar tracking arrangement and a thermal solar energy system.
The solar tracking arrangement enables a plurality of parallel arranged PTCs (parabolic trough solar collectors)to be directed towards the travelling sun. 
The solar tracking arrangement can be connected to PTC and comprises a drive means, a transmission means, and a plurality of conversion means.
The transmission means are connected with the drive means and to each of the plurality of conversion means.
The transmission means is configured to convey an operating movement caused by the drive means to the plurality of conversion means, 
and each of the conversion means is configured to convert the conveyed operating movement into a pivoting movement of a respective one of the plurality of PTCs about a focusline, such that each of the pivoting movements directs the respective PTC towards the travelling sun. 
One or more of the conversion means are adjustably connected with the transmission means in a direction along the transmission means so that the angular position of one of multiple PTCs can be individually adjusted, the guide precision is improved, and the heat output is improved.
Provided is a solar cell module array, comprising a horizontally-arranged water-surface supporting frame (1) and a plurality of floating cylinders (2) that float on water. 
The water-surface supporting frame comprises a plurality of horizontal hollow bars (4) and a plurality of longitudinal hollow bars (5) fixedly connected among the horizontal hollow bars. 
Solar cell modules (3) are laid on the upper portion of the floating cylinders, two ends of which are fixedly provided with hollow connecting shafts (6). 
The floating cylinders are fixedly connected with the longitudinal hollow bars via the hollow connecting shafts.
The utility model also provides a solar power generation system floating on water, comprising the solar cell module array. The solar cell module array is connected with a direct-current power distribution cabinet (9) and then is connected to a grid-connected inverter (10). 
An alternating-current output terminal of the grid-connected inverter is connected with an alternating-current power distribution cabinet (11) and then is connected to a power grid (12).
The invention discloses a solar air heating device and a heating method thereof. 
The device comprises an air heating chamber defined by a solar heat collection wall, a coaming and a building wall, wherein an air outlet communicated with the air heating chamber is formed in the building wall.
the solar heat collection wall comprises a first solar absorber plate and a second solar absorber plate arranged above the first solar absorber plate.
the portion, between the first solar absorber plate and the building wall, of the air heating chamber is set to be a first air heating area, the portion, between the second solar absorber plate and the building wall, of the air heating chamber is set to be a second air heating area, and a plurality of ventilation micropores are formed in the surface of the first solar absorber plate;
ambient air enters the first air heating area through the ventilation micropores, is preheated through the first solar absorber plate, rises to enter the second air heating area and then is heated by the second solar absorber plate to form hot air, and hot air enters the building wall through the air outlet.
The invention relates to a method for producing contacts made of electrically conductive material on a group of solar cells, wherein, during the step of applying laser radiation of the selective emitters, a pulse energy radiation of the selective emitters,a pluse energy density range of the laser beam is used
in which the layer resistivity pSH in the lasered area is reduced between 0% and 30% compared to the layer resistivity outside the lasered area and the specific contact resistance between the lasered area and the electrically conductive material applied thereto for forming the electrical conductive contact is between 0 mOcm2 and 10 mOcm2.
The utility model discloses a solar polyurethane thermal insulation water tank. The solar polyurethane thermal insulation water tank comprises a water tank, a polyurethane thermal insulation outer layer and a stainless steel plate
wherein the polyurethane thermal insulation outer layer is arranged in the water tank; the stainless steel plate is arranged between the polyurethane thermal insulation outer layer and a polyurethane thermal insulation inner layer; the thickness of the polyurethane thermal insulation outer layer is 50mm; and the thickness of the polyurethane thermal insulation inner layer is 20mm.
The solar polyurethane thermal insulation water tank has the advantages that the solar polyurethane thermal insulation water tank has a good thermal insulation effect and long service life and is high in temperature rise speed.
Each of the one or more injection wells have an injection well reservoir opening in fluid communication with at least one of the one or more reservoirs.
The system further includes one or more production wells, each having a production well reservoir opening in fluid communication with at least one of the one or more reservoirs.
A working-fluid supply system provides a non-water based working fluid to the one or more injection wells at a second temperature lower than the first temperatures.
Exposure of the non-water based working fluid to the native fluid causes at least a portion of the methane to come out of solution with the native fluid to form a production fluid of at least a portion of the non-water based working fluidand the portion of the methane.
Exposure of the mixture to the first temperatures heats the production fluid to a third temperature that is higher than the second temperature.
The production fluid can enter one or more of the production well reservoir openings.
An energy recovery apparatus in fluid communication with the one or more productions wells converts energy contained in the production fluid to electricity, heat, or a combinations thereof.
The utility model discloses a dredge pump of quick pump drainage.
including the dredge pump body and the frame that rolls, dredge pump body below is equipped with the mud sunction inlet, is equipped with the support to the side of the mud sunction inlet, the quantity of putting up of rolling is two, and roll and put up including motor, rotation axis.
the motor sets up in the support below, and therotation axis is connected to the motor, is equipped with a set of horizontal blade and a set of vertical blade on every rotation axis, horizontal blade setting is in the below of vertical blade.
the rotatory diameter of horizontal blade is greater than the rotatory diameter of vertical blade, horizontal blade setting is in mud sunction inlet below, and vertical blade setting is in the both sides of mud sunction inlet, and two sets of horizontal blade position are crisscross the setting each other.
horizontal blade can carry out scarifying to mud, stops great rubble in the mud outsidethe sunction inlet simultaneously, can not stop up the sunction inlet, increase of service life, and the sunction inlet below can be taken scarifying's mud to in vertical blade rotation, increases pump drainage speed, improves work efficiency.
The utility model provides an atomization constant temperature system for a hot water bubble tank, which comprises a system controller, a bubble tank temperature sensor electrically connected with the system controller, a water outlet pressure sensor, a pool water constant temperature electric valve, an environment constant temperature electric valve, a fog making host and a touch screen.
The main fogging machine is connected with the external hot water system through a pipe, and one end of the water outlet pressure sensor is connected with the water outlet pipe of the main fogging machine.
The other end of the pool water thermostatic electric valve is connected in parallel with the environmental thermostatic electric valve through a pipe, and the other end of the pool water thermostatic electric valve is connected with the bubble pool atomizing nozzle installed in the water body of the bubble pool through a pipe.
The other end of the environmental thermostatic electric valve is connected with the environmental atomizing nozzle installed on the surface of the bubble tank and the surrounding area through a pipe. 
The bubble tank temperature sensor is installed in the water body of the bubble tank, and the touch screen displays the system parameters in real time.
The atomization constant temperature system of the hot water bubble pool provided by the application can realize the constant temperature of the water body of the bubble pool and improve the comfort of the bubble bath, so as to achieve the purpose of water saving and energy saving.
The application provides a hot water bubble pond atomizing constant temperature system can realize steeping pond water body heating constant temperature and improve the bubble and bathe the comfort level, reaches water conservation and energy -conserving purpose.
The utility model discloses a solar energy geothermal energy combination formula heating system, including the device main part, the lower extreme of device main part is equipped with places the bottom plate.
the upper end of device main part is equipped with the bracing piece, the upper end of bracing piece is equipped with heating system.
heating system's inner chamber is equipped with adjusting device, heating system's one end is equipped with the connecting plate, transmission interface is warmed up to the one end both sides of connecting plate with all being equipped with.
warm up transmission interface through transmission pipe with warm up collection system and be connected.
warm up collection system the outer end be equipped with the protection end plate, heating system's one end is equipped with output connecting device.
output connecting device's one end is equipped with air port plate, heating system's upper end is equipped with the regulation pole, the upper end of adjusting the pole is equipped with angle adjusting device.
Can carry out effectual combination with solar energy, in the use, the energy supply mode is diversified, can for the user bring one fine easy -to -use, have fine result of use in the use simultaneously.
The invention discloses a mechanical arm for ground heat energy conversion.
The mechanical arm comprises a device shell, an adjusting device is arranged in an inner cavity of the device shell, and a connecting arm is installed at the upper end of the adjusting device.
one end of the connecting arm extends to the outer side of the device shell, and an angle adjusting device is arranged at the lower end of the adjusting device.
the angle adjusting device is provided with a film sticking device through a connecting device, and a moving device is arranged at one end of the film sticking device.
a clamping block is arranged at one end of the moving device, and a clamping device is arranged at one end of the clamping block. 
a fixing adjusting block is arranged at the other end of the moving device, and a control device is arranged in an inner cavity of the device shell. 
and the output end of the control device is electrically connected with the input end of the adjusting device, the angle adjusting device and the clamping device.
The mechanical arm is simple to use, convenient to mount and convenient for users to use, so that the users have a good convenience in the using process.
The utility model provides a hot-water and constant temperature and humidity air-conditioning system for vertical buried-pipe type ground source heat pumps.
which comprises a geothermal energy exchange system, water-replenishing pressure fixing systems, a ground source heat pump unit and a load heat exchange system.
wherein the two ends of the ground source heat pump unit are respectively connected with the geothermal energy exchange system and the load heat exchange system so as to form a loop.
the two sets of water-replenishing pressure fixing systems are respectively connected with the geothermal energy exchange system and the load heat exchange system.
and each water-replenishing pressure fixing system comprises an agent-feeding device, a water replenishing tank, a water replenishing pump and a high level water tank.
and the load heat exchange system comprises a user terminal, a constant temperature and humidity unit, a load water separator, a load water collector and a load water pump.
The air-conditioning system disclosed by the utility model has the advantages that: because the high level water tank is taken as a part of the water-replenishing pressure fixing system, the occupied area of the air-conditioning system is saved, the cost is saved
and the whole air-conditioning system operates in a smooth and environmental-friendly mode; the heat source utilization efficiency is high; and by using the constant temperature and humidity unit, the air-conditioning system satisfies the requirements of users for constant temperature and humidity environments.
The utility model provides a drilling rod centering device with the deviation defecting function.
The drilling rod centering device with the deviation defecting function comprises a tubular body. The drilling rod centering device with the deviation defecting function is characterized in that a pair of detecting heads is respectively arranged at the upper end and the lower end of the tubular body
a pair of detecting heads positioned at the upper part of the tubular body and a pair of detecting heads positioned at the lower part of the tubular body are symmetrically distributed at two sides of a medium shaft of the tubular body
each detecting head is internally embedded into the inner wall of the tubular body and is connected with a pressure measuring device through a spring.
With the adoption of the device, the inclination condition of a well body can be monitored on real time during drilling, thus any inclination can be timely corrected, and as a result, the verticality of a drilling hole can be ensured, and the quality of a well body in which a hole is drilled can be improved.
The invention relates to the technical field of geothermal energy equipment and discloses geothermal-energy sludge drying equipment capable of automatically controlling temperature difference.
The geothermal-energy sludge drying equipment comprises a drying channel, wherein two air exchanging plates are movably connected to the interior of the cylinder wall of the drying channel; the two air exchanging plates are connected through a connecting ring.
the left sides of the air exchanging plates are fixedly connected with inserting plates; an upper rotating plate and a lower rotating plate are rotatably arranged in and connected with the left wall of the drying channel.
a pressure spring is installed on the lower rotating plate; and an upper thermal-deformation plate is fixedly installed on the left wall of the drying channel and located on the right side of the lower rotating plate.
When hot air is just introduced, the upper thermal-deformation plate is heated to expand leftwards.
the lower rotating plate is shifted by a push plate, so an upper collision ball collides with the inserting plates, and the air exchanging plate are allowed to rotate.
air and heat respectively located in the upper and lower part of a hot air cavity exchange, so temperature is more uniform.
when the inner temperature of the upper part of the hot air cavity decreases, the push plate moves rightwards, thelower rotating plate is shifted again, and such operations are cyclically repeated; so a temperature difference in a heating cavity is reduced, and sludge drying effect is improved.
The invention provides a novel incubator based on a shallow underground thermal energy technology. 
A heat source device of the incubator is a shallow underground thermal energy heat source device which comprises fans, a shallow underground thermal energy collecting tube, an air outlet pipeline and a pneumatic dryer; the fan, an air inlet pipeline, the shallow underground thermal energy collecting tube, the air output pipeline, the pneumatic dryer and the fan are orderly connected to each other.
the shallow underground thermal energy collecting tube is buried in underground soil of the shallow earth surface and used for collecting the shallow underground thermal energy and heating air in the shallow underground thermal energy collecting tube. 
and the air heated by use of the shallow underground thermal energy goes through the air outlet pipeline and the pneumatic dryer and then is supplied to the incubator by use of the fans in the incubator for utilization.
The incubator is capable of directly utilizing the low grade heat source without consuming the traditional energy source, and the new energy technology which is low-carbon, environmental friendly.
energy-saving and sanitary is adopted so that the cost of production is greatly reduced, and therefore, the incubator has very wide application prospect.
The utility model belongs to the technical field of methanol reforming hydrogen production, and discloses a combined heat, power and hydrogen supply system based on geothermal energy methanol reforming hydrogen production,
which comprises a terrestrial heat heating unit, a reforming hydrogen production unit and a combustion power generation unit which are connected with a terrestrial heat well.
The whole system directly adopts terrestrial heat as a heat source to heat a working medium, the heated working medium provides heat for a methanol reforming hydrogen production reaction, certain heat energy still exists after the working medium releases the heat and is used for heating and providing household hot water, and unreacted methanol is combusted in the combustion power generation unit to generate power and provide power for users.
The triple co-generation system generates electricity and provides domestic hot water for users while producing hydrogen by reforming geothermal energy methanol, is high in practicability and energy utilization rate, is suitable for small and micro application occasions in regions with rich geothermal resources, and meets various energy use requirements of the users.
The invention provides a 2000-6000-meter underground high-temperature rock mass closed type high-efficiency thermal energy collecting system.
Some technical limitations exist in a closed geothermal supply system built in China, such as the utilization depth of thermal energy, drilling and completion technology, heat exchange technology, heat preservation technology and so on.
The closed type geothermal supply system directly uses the heat of rock stratum and is not limited by the distribution of underground hot water.
The system basically has no interference to an aquifer under the condition of full-section well cementation, does not exploit underground water, collects deep high-grade heat energy, does not need to supplement heat, and is good in environmental benefit.
The operation cost islow, and the restriction on site conditions is small.
The problems of ground subsidence, aquifer pollution, low heating power, difficulty in recharging and the like existing in a shallow water sourceheat pump system and a hydrothermal geothermal irrigation system are eliminated, and the phenomenon of secondary heating compensation heating is completely eradicated.
The invention discloses height-adjustable geothermal energy equipment. The height-adjustable geothermal energy equipment comprises a top plate, wherein a geothermal energy equipment main body is fixedly mounted on the top of the top plate. 
a bottom plate is arranged below the top plate; an adjusting groove is formed in the right side of the top of the bottom plate; the left side and the right sideof the inner wall of the adjusting groove are fixedly connected through a sliding track; the surface of the sliding track is slidably connected with a slider.
and the top of the slider penetrates through the adjusting groove, extends to the outside of the adjusting groove, and then is fixedly connected with a first movable block.
By cooperation of the bottom plate, the adjusting groove, the sliding track, the slider, the first movable block, a first hydraulic cylinder, a first limiting groove, a first movable rod, a movable plate, a connecting block, a first baffle, a sliding plate, a secondbaffle, a second movable block, a second hydraulic cylinder.
a second limiting groove and a second movable rod, the height of the geothermal energy equipment is adjustable, the using demands of peopleat different heights to the geothermal energy equipment can be met well, the practicality of the geothermal energy equipment is improved.
and the height-adjustable geothermal energy equipment bringsgreat convenience to users.
The invention discloses an ammonia water mixed working medium-based combined cooling and power supply system for utilization of geothermal energy.
Geothermal water enters a flash vessel; vapor generated by flashing under reduced pressure enters a first steam turbine to apply work
and the residual geothermal water in the flash vessel enters a vapor generator to heat the ammonia water basic solution and then recharge underground.
The ammonia water basic solution is subjected to heat absorption in the vapor generator and enters a first separator to separate out saturated ammonia-enriched vapor.
dead steam generated after the saturated ammonia-enriched vapor applies work in a second steam turbine II enters a second separator to separate out saturated ammonia-enriched vapor at higher concentration.
the saturated ammonia-enriched vapor is cooled and depressurized and enters an evaporimeter to absorb latent heat to form low-pressure saturated ammonia-enriched vapor and generate refrigerating output.
The low-pressure saturated ammonia-enriched vapor passing through the evaporimeter and ammonia-enriched aqueous solution at different concentration generated by the two separators are mixed to form the ammonia water basic solution, and the ammonia water basic solution enters the vapor generator after being condensed and pressurized.
The utility model relates to a combined heat and power generation system of geothermal energy and wind energy. The problems that an existing terrestrial heat and wind energy heat supply power generation system is high in cost, low in efficiency and the like are solved. 
The device comprises a stirring and heating barrel, a stirring impeller is arranged in the stirring heating barrel.
the stirring impeller is connected with the wind power impeller through the transmission assembly.
the stirring heating barrel is a closed water tank; a pressure relief assembly is arranged on the stirring heating barrel.
one end of the stirring heating barrel is connected with a geothermal water taking well through a geothermal water outlet pipe.
the other end of the stirring heating barrel is connected with a terrestrial heat reheating water outlet pipe, the terrestrial heat reheating water outlet pipe is connected with the ORC generator set and the heat pump main machine in parallel.
the heat pump main machine is connected with tail end heating equipment, the tail end heating equipment and the ORC generator set are connected to a terrestrial heat water return pipe, and the terrestrial heat water return pipe is connected with a terrestrial heat recharging well.
The system has the advantages of low cost, high efficiency, high resource utilization rate, high flexibility and the like.
The invention discloses a regional ground source heat pump system source lateral water and reclaimed water public water supply pipe network system.
which comprises a water supply trunk pipe and a plurality of energy stations,wherein the water supply trunk pipe is connected to the water outlet side in a sewage treatment system.
the energy stations are connected to the water supply trunk pipe respectively.
communicated water return trunk pipes are arranged between two adjacent energy stations.
each energy station is provided with a plurality of shallow geothermal energy heat exchange systems for performing heat exchange with shallow geothermal energy in a region.
each energy station is correspondingly connected with a water distribution pipe network.
specifically, a water outlet of the water distribution side of each energy station is connected with the water supply pipeline of the corresponding water distribution pipe network through a water distribution pump and a water distribution pipe network water supply branch pipe in sequence.
and each energy stations connected with a water return pipeline of the corresponding water distribution pipe network through a water distribution pipe network water return branch pipe.
According to the system,a cold/heat source can be provided for a water source heat pump unit of any user in the region, reclaimed water can also be provided for any user in the region.
and broad space is provided for the technical development of the ground source heat pump technology and the reclaimed water recovery technology.
The invention provides a geothermal energy and solar energy coupling power generation device and a method thereof.
The geothermal energy and solar energy coupling power generation device comprises a geothermal well, a first-stage flash evaporator, a super heater, a solar heat collector, a steam turbine, a heat exchanger and a water reservoir.
wherein a geothermal water outlet of the geothermal well is connected with an inlet of the first-stage flash evaporator, a water vapor outlet of the first-stage flash evaporator is connected with a water vapor inlet of the super heater.
a heat-transferring working medium inlet of the super heater is connected with an heat-transferring working medium outlet of the solar heat collector, and a high-temperature water vapor outlet of the super heater is connected with the inlet of the steam turbine.
the heat-transferring working medium outlet of the super heater is connected with the heat-transferring working medium inlet of the solar heat collector.
a water outlet of the first-stage flash evaporator is connected with a hot side inlet of the heat exchanger, a hot side outlet of the heat exchanger is connected with the inlet of the water reservoir,and a cold side of the heat exchanger is connected with an external equipment.
The geothermal energy and solar energy coupling power generation device has the advantages that a geothermal energy gradeis improved through the solar heat collector, and thereby improving the geothermal energy power generation efficiency.
The invention discloses a wind energy and geothermal energy combined power generating system that consists of a wind energy generating system and a geothermal energy heat pipe generating system.
wherein the wind energy generating system consists of impellers and an engine room, wherein the engine room is internally provided with a transmission system and a generating unit.
the geothermal energy heat pipe generating system consists of a geothermal energy heat pipe and a turbine generating system, wherein a body of the geothermal energy heat pipe consists of a pipe wall, a liquid-absorbing core and a working medium.
a chamber body of the geothermal energy heat pipe consists of an evaporating chamber, a condensing chamber, a gradually-shrunk pipe chamber, a vacuum heat insulating chamber and a spraying nozzle.
and the turbine generating system consists of a multi-stage blade, a supporting mechanism, a bearing, a rotating shaft, a magnetic fluid sealing device and a generating unit.
By adopting the wind energy and geothermal energy combined power generating system, the extracting and the back-filling of geothermal resource are not required, the wine energy and the geothermal energy are utilized effectively.
the running and the maintenance processes are green and environment-friendly, the running cost and the maintenance cost are low.
the power generation is continuous and stable, the generating efficiency is high, practical contributions can be made on aspects such as the development and the utilization of new energy.
and the energy saving and the emission reducing, and the sustainable development of circulated economy and the long-term development of low-carbon economy and green economy can be promoted.
The utility model discloses a geothermal energy rechargeable car shelter, including warning lights, batteries, gas-water separators, turbines and charger, which is internally fitted with a heat collector.
An intake control valve is installed on the left side of the gas-water separator, which is fitted on the right side with a steam valve.
The gas-water separator is fitted with a draw line on the lower left side and a water pump on the inside of the draw line.
The turbine is equipped with a generator on its upper side, and the generator is connected to the battery battery through a supply line.
The battery houses were mounted on the upper side with a charger on the shed surface.
The utility model is constructed by installing a turbo shaft on the upper side of a turbine with a turbo set on the inside of the turbine.
The turbo set is down side mounted with compressors capable of converting geothermal energy to mechanical energy to provide mechanical energy to the generator.
Increased use of geothermal energy, avoided the use of other non renewable energy, conserved energy, and protected the environment.
The utility model relates to a non-steam-turbine geothermal generator unit, pertaining to the art of geothermal technology.
The generator unit includes a bracket, a transmission wheel, a transmission shaft, a coupling, a generator, a crankshaft, a small drive wheel, a large drive wheel, a transmission belt and a spring; wherein, the transmission wheel is arranged on the transmission shaft and the generator is connected with the transmission shaft through the coupling; 
the large and the small drive wheels are arranged on the crankshaft; the crankshaft and the transmission shaft are fixed on both ends of the bracket through a bearing base.
At least one side of the large drive wheel is provided with a small drive wheel, the large and the small drive wheels connected by the spring are not arranged on the same axial line and the spring is made of shape memory alloy material.
Each transmission wheel is connected with the corresponding large drive wheel through a chain or a synchronous toothed belt or a triangular belt or an adhesive tape, or is directly meshed through a gear wheel.
The utility model has the advantages of reasonable structure, simple installation and being applicable to different geothermal water temperatures.
The invention discloses a wall-surface decorating plate. The wall-surface decorating plate comprises a wall-surface decorating plate body; 
the wall-surface decorating plate body is connected with geothermal energy pipes through rivets on fixing blocks fixed on the geothermal energy pipes, the fixing blocks and the rivets are welded, a plurality of hollow long-strip-shaped heat dissipation strips are evenly distributed on the wall-surface decorating plate body;
inlets and outlets are formed in the geothermal energy pipes, internal threads are formed in the inlets of the geothermal energy pips, the inlets of the geothermal energy pips are provided with nuts, external threads are formed in the outlets of the geothermal energy pipes, the rivets of the multiple fixing blocks are nailed on the wall-surface decorating plate body. 
The wall-surface decorating plate has the advantages that even indoor heating is achieved in cooperation with the advantages of heating radiator heating and floor heating, thermal energy is used to the largest degree, the indoor environment is beautified, installation is easy and convenient, and meanwhile the thermal energy pipes are not plugged.
The utility model relates to a geothermal heat exchange device technical field, concretely relates to combination formula heat transfer device of earth source heat pump and deep geotherm ability
it includes combination formula heat transfer device body, combination formula heat transfer device body is provided with the earth source heat pump subassembly including the ground hot pump hole in source, heat exchanger wellhole in the hot pump hole in ground source, be provided with heating tube A and back flow A on this earth source heat pump subassembly
and continuous with the host computer respectively through heating tube A and back flow A, installs valve A and valve B on this heating tube A and the back flow A respectively, be provided with deep heat exchanger in the heat exchanger wellhole,
be provided with heat exchanger group on the deep heat exchanger, be provided with heating tube B and back flow B in this heat exchanger group, 
be provided with valve C and valve D on heating tube B and the back flow B respectively, it utilize deep geotherm can the heat exchanger with in the leading -in thin solum of deep geotherm
make its soil in the heat promote, make the heat pump system work of returning to normal of original place source, simple structure has, with low costs, salvaging has greatly improved heat supply efficiency.
The invention belongs to the technical field of building energy saving, and relates to a prefabricated geothermic energy pipe pile. 
A support formed by a lower reinforcing mesh frame and an upper reinforcing mesh frame is welded to an end plate through fixed steel bars. 
A steel plate support is arranged at the division position of the lower reinforcing mesh frame and the upper reinforcing mesh frame. PE heat exchange pipes and a liquid injection pipe are fixed through the support and penetrate a bearing table to be connected with horizontal collection and distribution water pipes. 
A flow meter is arranged at a connector of one PE heat exchange pipe and the corresponding horizontal collection and distribution water pipe, and a pressure meter is arranged at a connector of the liquid injection pipe and the corresponding horizontal collection and distribution water pipe. 
Pipe core heat conduction liquid is injected into a pipe core of the prefabricated pipe pile. The position, from the steel plate support to the elevation of the pile top of the prefabricated pipe pile, of the pipe core is filled with micro-expansion concrete. 
The micro-expansion concrete and the upper reinforcing mesh frame are cast together. Three drilled holes are reserved in the bottom of the steel plate support to serve as a PE heat exchange pipe inlet, a PE heat exchange pipe outlet and a liquid injection pipe inlet, and the three drilled holes are each provided with a protection pipe. 
The prefabricated geothermic energy pipe pile is simple in structure, convenient to use, low in cost, high in heat exchange efficiency, safe, reliable and environment-friendly.
The utility model relates to a large-aperture steel sleeve heat exchange device for extracting geothermal energy, and belongs to the technical field of energy-saving and emission-reducing heat ventilation air conditioners.
The device mainly comprises a steel sleeve with a closed bottom to form a ground source heat exchange well body, a PE inner pipe, a filtering device, an impurity settling tank, a heat isolation plate and a water circulating flow divider.
wherein the connection relation is as follows: the steel sleeve is inserted into the ground; water returned from the heat source side of a ground source heat pump is communicated with the upper end opening of the steel sleeve; the PE inner pipe is arranged in the steel sleeve; the filtering device is fixed in the lowermost end of the PE inner pipe.
the impurity settling tank is positioned at the lowermost end of the steel sleeve well body; the heat isolation plate covers the PE inner pipe; the water circulating flow divider is mounted at a water inlet of the well body and is connected to the exterior of the PE inner pipe.
According to the large-aperture steel sleeve heat exchange device, the problem that a soil source heat pump system occupies a large area can be effectively solved, so that the heat exchange amount of a single ground source well is greatly increased.
The utility model provides a ground source heat pump water heater capable of overcoming thermal interference. 
The ground source heat pump water heater capable of overcoming the thermal interference comprises a geothermal energy exchanging system, a water loop heat pump hot water unit and a hot water supply pump. 
The geothermal energy exchanging system comprises a vertical buried pipe, a source water separator, a source water collector and a geothermal circulating water pump. 
The geothermal energy exchanging system is connected with the water loop heat pump hot water unit. 
The vertical buried pipe is a buried pipe for overcoming the thermal interference. 
The water loop heat pump hot water unit is connected with a heat exchanger through the hot water supply pump. The heat exchanger is connected with a water storage tank through a hot water pipe.
A cold water inlet is formed in the heat exchanger. A flow control valve is arranged on the cold water outlet, and is connected with a first magnetic valve and a pumping motor through a T-junction.
The pumping motor is connected with the water storage tank through a second magnetic valve. The ground source heat pump water heater capable of overcoming the thermal interference has the advantages of being energy-saving, environment-friendly, high in heat use ratio, safe and reliable and the like by adopting the buried pipe and utilizing geothermy as a heat source to provide hot water.
The ground source heat pump water heater capable of overcoming the thermal interference is not affected by weather and seasons, and hot water for daily life can be provided every day all the year round.
The utility model provides a hot water and air-conditioning system of an underground water type ground source heat pump, comprising a geothermal energy exchange system, water-supplementing and constant pressure systems, a water source heat pump set, a control system and a load heat exchange system.
wherein two ends of the water source heat pump set are respectively connected with the control system and the load heat exchange system to form a loop.
two sets of water-supplementing and constant pressure systems are respectively connected with the geothermal energy exchange system and the load heat exchange system.
the control system is connected with the geothermal energy exchange system; the control system comprises a parameter sampling system and a valve control system; and the load heat exchange system comprises a user terminal, a load water distributor, a load water collector, a closed type cooling tower and a load water pump.
The hot water and air-conditioning system of the underground water type ground source heat pump, disclosed by the utility model, has the beneficial effects that the balance of the underground heat radiation amount and the cold radiation amount can be adjusted through the mounted cooling tower, so as to avoid raising the underground temperature, so that the long-period stable and efficient operation of the system can be guaranteed
the hot water and air-conditioning system is particularly suitable for a region with few well digging positions and the control system can automatically control a valve on a connecting pipeline to be opened or closed.
The utility model discloses an utilize replacement formula ventilation equipment of geothermal energy, its structure is including number fan, number fan, the organism, outer frame, the transmission pipe, the exhaust pipe, the pump machine, the reactor, a pedestal, the chassis, the machine case, amortization tuber pipe device.
transmission guan yuji case is nested mutually, the right side of pump machine is equipped with the exhaust pipe, weld with the top of base mutually the bottom of reactor, amortization tuber pipe device includes the acoustical panel, the protective housing, the hush pipe,the connecting pipe, the amortization is cotton.
the acoustical panel is laminated with the connecting pipe mutually, the bottom of hush pipe is connected with the internal surface of protective housing, the amortization is cotton to be connected with the connecting pipe, the utility model relates to an utilize replacement formula ventilation equipment of geothermal energy.
the structural amortization tuber pipe device that is equipped with, the embedding is installed in the inside of fan, and the fan can produce very big noise at the during operation, and the noise carries out first amortization through the hush pipe.
then is carrying out last amortization through acoustical panel and amortization cotton, and the device arrives the noise reduction minimum, avoids influencing work.
The utility model discloses lie in a quantity of water regulation pond, including the cell body, set up at the lid at cell body top, set up inlet tube and a plurality of outlet pipe on cell body upper portion.
bottom of the pool bottom be provided with the buffering partition wall of separating into the bottom of the pool in two regions,bottom of the pool one side of being located the inlet tube form and to intake buffers and be equipped with cushion faces on the buffers of in taking.
the opposite side sets up radially to set up along the bottom of the pool and sinks husky partition wall, cushion faces bottom be equipped with long -pending husky bucket, water outlet of the water inlet highly be less than the buffering partition wall the height.
It has and can effectively reduce water and strike the bottom of the pool, silt got into the recharging well when reducing the overflow and recharging advantage.
The invention provides a hot dry rock geothermal energy extraction inner fin heat exchange structure and a gradient utilization method and belongs to the field of hot dry rock geothermal energy utilization.
Through the hot dry rock geothermal energy extraction inner fin heat exchange structure and the gradient utilization method, the problems that the hot dry rock geothermal energy extraction ratio is low and unknown disasters are caused when underground heat exchange fluid outflows easily to damage the geologic structure are solved. 
The inner fin heat exchange structure comprises a hot dry rock heat exchange system, a monitoring system and a geothermal energy gradient utilization system. 
The extraction efficiency of geothermal energy contained in hot dry rock is improved through a cladding layer with excellent heat conductivity and an enhanced heat exchange inner finned tube in the inner finned tube heat exchange system. 
The hot dry rock geothermal energy extraction inner fin heat exchange structure is designed into a coaxial closed structure and is friendly to environment and free of pollution.
The monitoring system controls and adjusts the gas extraction temperature and flow andthe return liquid temperature and flow and solves the problem of leakage of an organic working medium conveniently in time.
In the geothermal energy gradient utilization system, the organic working medium extracts geothermal energy in the hot dry rock and supplies the geothermal energy to a steam turbine for power generation. 
Moreover, low-grade heat energy in the organic working medium is utilized to heat heating water to meet the requirements of users for heating supply, and gradient utilization of geothermal energy is achieved.
The utility model provides a solar energy and ground-source heat pump coupling type air conditioning system.
The solar energy and ground-source heat pump coupling type air conditioning system comprises a solar energy system, a ground-source heat pump system and an air conditioning system body, wherein the air conditioning system body is composed of a plate heat exchanger and fan coils. 
The solar energy and ground-source heat pump coupling type air conditioning system is characterized in that the solar energy system and the ground-source heat pump system are respectively connected with the plate heat exchanger; the solar energy system is also connected with the ground-source heat pump system through pipelines.
According to the solar energy and ground-source heat pump coupling type air conditioning system, heat pump machine units of two types of renewable energy are organically combined, so that the energy utilization efficiency of the two machine units is improved simultaneously.
The invention discloses a geothermal water conveying device with a replaceable filter element for geothermal energy, and relates to the technical field of geothermal water heat supply. The device comprises a stretchable pipe, a water pump and a rotating shaft. 
A water pipe is installed inside the stretchable pipe, a rubber blanket is fixedly arranged at the outer surface of the water pipe, a box is arranged at the right side of the stretchable pipe, and the water pump is connected to the right end of the water pipe.
According to the geothermal water conveying device with the replaceable filterelement for geothermal energy, by arranging a fixing screw, the shell can be disassembled and cleaned, then, the internal filter element can be replaced and cleaned, and therefore the phenomenon thatthe device cannot work due to the fact that the interior of the device is blocked is avoided
by arranging a first solid-liquid separator and a second solid-liquid separator, the phenomenon that theinterior of the device is blocked due to the fact that impurities contained in geothermal water enter the device can be avoided, meanwhile, the geothermal water is repeatedly separated and filtered, the cleanness of geothermal water is improved, later geothermal water consumption is facilitated, and waste of water resources is avoided.
The utility model discloses a geothermal energy flash distillation power generation facility, including geothermal well and turbo generator, the geothermal well passes through the water inlet of pipeon one side of the rose box and is connected, install the ground heat pump on the pipe.
the opposite side of rose box is provided with the delivery port, be provided with a plurality of evenly distributed's vertical ascending mounting groove on the inner wall of rose box, the filter membrane is all installed to the inside of mounting groove, the closing plate is installed at the top of filter membrane.
the delivery port passes through the pipe and is connected with catch water, catch water passes through the pipe and is connected with decompression flash vessel and turbo generator respectively.
the decompression flash vessel passes through the pipe and is connected with turbo generator, turbo generator passes through the pipe and is connected with the condenser, the condenser passes through pipe and tank connection.
When the device takes groundwater from the underground well in out, at first send into the rose box and filter, get rid of the particulate matter that has corrosivity and an easy scale deposit wherein, improve groundwater quality of water, prevent that power generating equipment from reducing generating efficiency and damage because of internal scaling and corruption.
The invention discloses a shallow-layer geothermal energy and solar composite external wall heat preservation and cooling system. 
The system comprises an external wall, a heating or cooling coil pipe,a common return water supply vertical pipe, a return water supply main pipe, a solar hot water system and a buried pipe water system.
and the heating or cooling coil pipe is organically combined with an external wall heat preservation and outer decoration structure layer and is connected to the return water supply main pipe together with the buried pipe water system and the solar water heating system.
Heat preservation through heating or temperature reduction through cooling of the external wall is achieved through switching between a pipeline valve of the return water supply main pipe and a solar pipeline valve, and heat is brought into an underground soil layer.
The shallow-layer geothermal energy and solar composite external wall heat preservation and cooling system has the beneficialeffects that the low-grade energy of shallow-layer geothermal energy is directly utilized, and solar energy is used as an auxiliary energy source, so that the heat preservation through heating in winter and the temperature reduction through cooling in summer are carried out on the external wall of a building, and the energy consumption of the external wall of the building can be reduced by 10%-50%.
and the solar water heating system is used for supplementing the heat to the soil in the transition season, so that the problem that heat absorption and heat discharge of the soil are unbalanced issolved, and shallow-layer geothermal resources can be continuously developed and utilized.
The invention discloses a system controlling the environment inside a building through the geothermal energy, the wind energy and the solar energy. The system comprises a wind generator, vertical wells, a treating channel, a filter net, an adsorbing net, an air supply fan A, a valve, a control room, an air supply fan B, a horizontal air channel, a vertical air channel, a solar panel set, the building and a basement.
The basement is arranged on the bottom of the building. The vertical wells are arranged in the ground in the north-south direction of the building.
According to the invention, the vertical wells are connected with the basement, air is preheated through terrestrial heat and then supplied to the building in winter, cold air is supplied to the building by avoiding direct exposure in sunshine in summer, and therefore the interior of the building can be warm in winter and cool in summer. 
Meanwhile, the horizontal air channel and the vertical air channel are formed in the building, exchange between the interior air of the building and the exterior air is frequent through cold air and hot air, and the comfort level of residence and work is improved.
The invention relates to a supercritical carbon dioxide power-generation system utilizing seabed geothermal energy. 
A supercritical carbon dioxide compressor, a supercritical carbon dioxide turbine and the like in the power-generation system are all arranged at a seabed filled with low-temperature and high-pressure seawater, and a seabed thermal rock stratum heat exchanger is arranged in a sea bed thermal rock stratum; 
and a driving motor is used for driving the supercritical carbon dioxide compressor to rotate, an outlet of the supercritical carbon dioxide compressor penetrates through a seabed water-proof rock stratum and communicates with an inlet of the seabed thermal rock stratum heat exchanger in the seabed thermal rock stratum, 
an outlet of the seabed thermal rock stratum heat exchanger penetrates out of the seabed thermal rock stratum and the seabed water-proof stratum to communicate with an inlet of the supercritical carbon dioxide turbine, 
the supercritical carbon dioxide turbine does work rotationally to drive a power generator, an outlet of the supercritical carbon dioxide turbine is connected with an inlet of a cooler, and an outlet of the cooler communicates with the supercritical carbon dioxide compressor.
The supercritical carbon dioxide power-generation system utilizes the seabed geothermal energy as a system heat source, seawater is adopted as a cold source, the environmental pressure is provided, and the supercritical carbon dioxide power-generation system has the advantages of cleanliness, environmental protection, compact structure and low cost.
The invention relates to a low-temperature terrestrial heat exchange pre-stress concrete post, which arranges pipe heat exchange devices in variable shape in the posts to carry, baffle soil and strengthen the base, while it can process low-temperature terrestrial heat exchange in lower layer to realize the function of pipe heat exchange laid by post and terrestrial heat pump prefabricated hole.
In the inner hole of pre-stress concrete post operated by closed steel post sharp, the U-shape heat exchanger, screw coil-pipe heat exchanger or other pipe heat exchanger is directly laid, while the space between the inner wall of post and the pipe heat exchanger is filled by stuffing.
The pipe heat exchangers in the post are connected to the ground pipe line, and the pipe line of heat exchanger is filled by exchanging liquid. The invention via the heat exchange between exchange liquid, stuffing, post, and around soil-water system, form a underground low-temperature terrestrial heat exchanger of closed terrestrial heat pump.
The invention relates to a geothermal tail water recharge technology in geothermal exploitation and utilization process. Besides a geothermal well, the overall system mainly adopts geothermal water desanding devices, sub-catchments, a heat exchange device, frequency conversion pressurizing devices, a degassing device, a tail water filter and an electric control valve.
Through the adjustment of the system, functions of the exploitation and the recharge of the geothermal well are converted, cumulative blockade caused by long term recharge of a simple opening geothermal well is eliminated, and the chronicity of the recharge is ensured; through the adoption of a standby filter, the sustainability and the continuity of the recharge process are ensured; 
three-level filters with different precisions are coordinated and adopted, besides, PID control with an automatic regulatory function and enabling the overall system to realize automatic frequency rising and lowering of pressure pumps and opening degree of the electric control valve is designed, and mutual interference between exploitation and recharge of the geothermal well is eliminated.
The system is suitable for sandstone stratums in various areas, through the adoption of the system, economical and effective recharge can be conducted on tail water after the geothermal comprehensive utilization, and sustainable development of geothermal exploitation and utilization can be ensured.
The invention discloses a preparing method of a solar cell. A front-arrangement object of the solar cell is placed in a film coating cavity to be heated; the interior of the film coating cavity is vacuumized; ammonia and silane are input into the film coating cavity, through a radio frequency ionization method, a silicon nitride thin film is deposited on the surface of the front-arrangement objectof the solar cell, the duty ratio of a radio generator is 1:5 to 1:8, and endpoint value is included;
after the preset deposition time, the interior of the film coating cavity is vacuumized firstly,and inert gases are inflated; in the film coating cavity, the front-arrangement object, deposited with the silicon nitride thin film, of the solar cell is subjected to annealing; and an electrode is arranged on the surface of the annealed front-arrangement object of the solar cell, and the solar cell is obtained.
Compactness of the silicon nitride thin film can be reduced, electrode slurry can more smoothly penetrate through the silicon nitride thin film to form good ohmic contact with silicon, and the power generation efficiency of the cell is improved.
The invention further provides the solar cell with the above beneficial effects.
The utility model belongs to the technical field of solar lamps, in particular to an LED light source combined solar lamp, which comprises LED light sources which are distributed on the inner wall of an arc shell, and the surface of the inner wall of the shell is coated with a luminescent coating, the arc shell is a hemispherical arc shell, and the LED light sources are arranged on the inner wall of the arc shell evenly at equal distance in a ring-shape.
The LED light source combined solar lamp with the structure can effectively increase the light availability ratio of the LED light sources, improve the brightness and the quality of light, enlarge the illuminance range, and effectively improve the service life of the LED light source.
The utility model provides a solar photovoltaic sends out circuit surface and solar energy floor tile thereof.
The solar energy floor tile includes printing opacity surface course, intermediate leveland bottom, and printing opacity surface course, intermediate level and bottom stack in proper order to it forms sealed solar energy floor tile to bond each other between printing opacity surface course, intermediate level and the bottom, 
wherein, the size of intermediate level dominant surface is lighter than the size of bottom dominant surface and printing opacity surface course dominant surface, and the intermediate level lies in the intermediate position of printing opacity surface course dominant surface to be located the intermediate position of bottom dominant surface, the intermediatelevel is the flexible solar cell chip.
And adopt above -mentioned solar energy floor tile to lay the solar photovoltaic who obtains and send out circuit surface.
This solar energy floor tile simple structure, the large -scale production of being convenient for, reduce cost, and the luminousness is high, the generating efficiency of battery has been improved greatly, the crushing resistance also obtains improving.
The invention relates to a fixedly-inclining solar charging carport. The fixedly-inclining solar charging carport comprises a plurality of stand columns fixed with the ground, crossbeams connected with the stand columns, a canopy arranged above the stand columns and storage batteries or a power grid, the canopy comprises a plurality of solar panels which are connected with an inverter, 
the storage batteries or the power grid is connected with the solar panels, and sockets are arranged in the stand columns or/and the crossbeams and are connected with the storage batteries or the power grid through lines.
The fixedly-inclining solar charging carport is simple in structure and convenient to use.
An original canopy of the carport is replaced by the solar panels, and the sockets are arranged in the stand columns and the crossbeams, so that accumulator cars and/or electric cars parking in the carport can be directly charged, electric power is obtained by the carport via solar energy, solar power generating capacity is fully utilized in days
when solar energy generates the maximum amount of electricity, effect on the power grid is reduced, carbon emission is reduced, and environment is protected.
A full glass vacuum solar thermal collection pipe has a closed end and is provided with an opening in the other end, and a water cavity is formed in the opening; the side wall of the thermal collection pipe is a hollow wall, so a vacuum cavity is limited between the inner and outer pipe walls of the side wall;
an annular sealing surface for making hermetical contact with a sealing cap is formed at the top end of the side wall of the thermal collection pipe; a sealing cap fastening part is formed along the peripheral direction of the position, close to the opening end, of the side wall of the thermal collection pipe.
The utility model also provides a solar thermal collector with the thermal collection pipe and the sealing cap.
Therefore, the thermal collection pipe and the sealing cap are hermetically connected, so the vacuum solar thermal collector with certain pressure-bearing and sealing capacities is formed
a sealing cap combining part is arranged at the side wall of the thermal collection pipe, and the sealing surface is arranged at the top end of the side wall,so enough lower pressure can be provided for the sealing cap by the sealing cap combining part
the sealing cap can be compressed with the sealing surface at the top of the thermal collection pipe, an effective, reliable and pressure-bearing sealing structure of the thermal collection pipe can be formed, water leakage is avoided
and the thermal collection pipe can be operated for a long time under the water injection and pressure-bearing states.ormed, water leakage is avoided, and the thermal collection pipe can be operated for a long time under the water injection and pressure-bearing states.
The utility model discloses an auxiliary tool for appearance inspection of a solar cell module, which comprises a handle and an LED inspection lamp holder arranged on the handle, the LED inspection lamp holder comprises a lightproof colored body, and the colored body is rotatably connected onto the handle.
Handheld handle, the colored body is moved above the solar cell module; eyes of an inspectorinspect the corresponding solar cell module along with the position of the colored body; 
the colored body is equivalent to a striking positioning mark and a striking guide mark, an inspector can clearly grasp the current inspection position through the colored body.
and meanwhile,the inspector can guide eyes to enter the next inspection position by moving the colored body, so that the inspectionprocess is ensured to be carried out in order, and the problem of missing inspection is solved.
In addition, the technical problem of false detection is solved through the LED lamp wick.
A copper-indium-gallium-selenium flexible thin film solar battery recycling method comprises the steps: 1, packaging removal treatment; 2, primary cleaning; 3, acid dipping; 4, secondary cleaning; 5, a reduction reaction; and 6, a selenizing reaction.
The method concretely comprises the following steps: removing an EVA outer packaging material, a TCO window layer and a CdS buffer layer through packaging removal and acid dipping, carrying out hydrogen reduction at a high temperature to reduce a copper-indium-gallium-selenium compound into a copper-indium-gallium metal layer
and returning the copper-indium-gallium metal layer to a selenizing annealing process as a precursor for producing a CIGS (copper-indium-gallium-selenium) thin film in order to afresh produce a CIGS battery.
Compared with present CIGS thin film recycling methods, the method disclosed in the invention can effectively recover copper, indium and gallium, and has the advantages of simple process, low requirements on an apparatus, obvious separation effect, realization of raw material recycling, and easy large-scale popularization in production.
The invention provides a solar heat collecting device and a solar hot water system, and belongs to the field of solar equipment.
The solar heat collecting device comprises a gathering and expansion driving part, a flexible heat collecting part and a heat collecting medium; the heat collecting medium is a fluid for absorbing solar energy; the flexible heat collecting part is provided with a runnerinside for enabling the heat collecting medium to pass through
the heat collecting medium can flow in the runner; the heat collecting medium is provided with a light transmission part for projectingsunlight to the heat collecting medium; and the driving part is used for driving gathering or expansion of the flexible heat collecting part.
In the solar hot water system, a heat absorbing body is set as the flowing heat collecting medium; and the flexible heat collecting part can be freely gathered and expanded to arrange in an indoor partial area, such as a window, or can be directly used as acurtain
 and does not need a fixed position like a hard heat collecting part to occupy space.
In actual use, the maintenance is convenient; and after the heat absorbing capacity is degraded, the heatcollecting medium can be fed or replaced to achieve convenience and economy.
Methods, systems, and apparatus by which steam and/or hot water generated using solar energy may be utilized to generate electricity or work are disclosed herein.
A method in one instance may involve driving a first turbine using a fluid having energy obtained from a main energy source other than solar energy, and using solar energy-generated hot water and/or steam as an auxiliary energy input to drive the first turbine.
An apparatus in one instance may include (1) a first turbine in fluid communication with and driven by a fluid heated by a main energy source other than solar energy in fluid communication with (2) a solar steam and/or hot water generator that utilizes solar energy to generate hot water and/or steam or other working fluid as an auxiliary energy input source for the first turbine.
The utility model relates to a power supply device of a solar photovoltaic power generation system applied on water spray equipment and belongs to the technical field of 'green' buildings using new energy.
The power supply device consists of the solar photovoltaic power generation system and the water spray equipment in a fountain pool, which are connected together.
The direct current output by a solar cell panel is adjusted by a controller, then input to an inverter and converted to alternating current and used for providing power required in work to an electric extraction pump. The pump sucks the pool water into a water sucking pipe. Simultaneously, power required in work is provided for an electric boosting pump, and the pressure of the pool water in the water sucking pipe is increased so that the pool water is jetted out through a water spray pipe, thus causing the scene of a residential area to be more beautiful and simultaneously increasing the content of negative ions helpful to the health of human body in the air of the residential area.
The invention discloses a grid line-free full-back contact solar cell module. The grid line-free full-back contact solar cell module comprises a plurality of back-contact solar small battery pieces which are connected in series, wherein the small battery pieces are obtained through cutting a back-contact solar battery piece;
the back-contact solar battery piece comprises an n-type silicon substrate; a p+ doping area and an n+ doping area are arranged on the back of the n-type silicon substrate; a back passivation layer is arranged on the p+ doping area and the n+ doping area; 
a positive electrode contact part and a negative electrode contact part are arranged on the back passivation layer; soldering tin or conducting adhesive covers on the positive electrode contact parts and the negative electrode contact parts;
when two adjacent small battery pieces are connected in series, a copper wire is arranged on the soldering tin or the conducting adhesive of the positive electrode contact part and a copper wire is arranged on the soldering tin or the conducting adhesive of the negative electrode contact part;
and every two adjacent battery pieces are directly connected in series through the copper wires, or every two adjacent small battery pieces are connected in series through the copper wires or solder strips.
The cell module not only ca enhance the reliability of the full-back contact battery module, but also can reduce the process difficulty and manufacturing cost of the full-back contact battery module.
The utility model discloses a solar water heater support beta structure and solar water heater, its solar water heater support beta structure include the supporting seat, the bottom fixed mounting of supporting seat has first backup pad, the bottom of supporting seat articulates there is the second backup pad, 
one side fixed mounting that first backup pad is close to to the second backup pad has two first supporting shoes, first supporting shoe keeps away from that one side of second backup pad is articulated to have a support frame.
first backup pad is close to one side of second backup pad and has been seted up two sliding trays, fixed mounting has same bracing piece on the top inner wall of sliding tray and the bottom inner wall, slidable mounting has the second supporting shoe in the sliding tray, 
the one end that the second backup pad was kept away from near the one side and the corresponding support frame of second backup pad to the second supporting shoe is articulated.
The utility model discloses simple structure, convenient operation, can be quick fold and expand solar water heater support has made things convenient for the dismouting work of solar energy.
The utility model relates to an energy conversion electrical appliance, in particular to a solar power supply control cabinet.
The side of a box body is provided with an overhead door, a rotating pin on the overhead door is transversely arranged, and the upper part of the overhead door is provided with a handle.
The solar power supply control cabinet has the characteristics of simple and reasonable structure, convenient moving, safer use and the like.
The invention discloses a piece-wise one-sided directly connected solar cell module, comprising at least two solar cell sheets, wherein, the solar cell sheets are 1/2 or 1/4 silicon wafers after pretreatment;
The solar cell sheet comprises a first solar cell sheet; The first solar cell sheet comprises a first front electrode and a first back electric field.
The first front electrode and the firstback electric field are both provided with a transverse main grid and a contact point, and the contact point is arranged at the end of the transverse main grid.
The long sides of adjacent solar cell sheets overlap to form surface contact; Adjacent solar cell sheets are connected through contacts and cured to form cell strings by applying conductive adhesive to the contacts.
Correspondingly, the invention also provides a preparation method of a chip single-sided direct-connected solar cell module.
By adopting the invention, the structure is simple, the use of the welding strip and the gap between the battery sheets are reduced, the power loss inside the module is reduced, the cost is reduced, the reliability of the battery module is improved, and the photoelectric conversion efficiency is improved.
The utility model discloses a solar cell module for solar brick lamps, comprising a solar cell pack and a junction box, wherein the solar cell pack consists of a transparent toughened glass panel layer, a transparent sealing adhesive film layer, a solar cell layer, a transparent sealing adhesive film layer and an adhesive film back plate layer.
the solar cell layer is further provided with at least one set of solar cells and at least one set of LED light-emitting units
and the LED light-emitting units are respectively arranged on their respective edge part of the solar cell pack.
The solar cell module disclosed by the utility model can also be used as a solar brick lamp for road lighting and road indicating when being used in solar power generation, has high degree of modularization, and is easy to use and low in cost.
The utility model discloses a solar battery slice and a solar battery string of which the concrete structure comprises that the upper surface and side surface of a P-type silicon substrate(1) are covered with N-type diffusion silicon sections(2), 
and the under surface is equipped with a P-side screen printed electrode(4) out of contact with the N-shaped diffusion silicon sections(2),
the upper surfaces, side surfaces and under surfaces of the N-type diffusion silicon sections(2) are equipped with N-side screen printed electrodes(5) out of contacts with the P-type silicon substrate(1) and the P-side screen printed electrode(4), 
and anti reflective films(3) are arranged between the N-type diffusion silicon sections(2) located above the P-type silicon substrate(1) and the N-side screen printed electrodes(5).
By the realization of the embodiment of the utility model, a soldering on the right side of the solar battery slice is avoided, the soldering workload of the solar battery slice is reduced, and the area receiving the irradiation of the sunlight is increased,
and accordingly, the cost of a solar power generation system is reduced, and the utilization ratio of the solar energy is improved.
The energy-saving water return device of a solar water heating system overcomes the shortcomings in the prior art, avoids great influence on the temperatures of the water tanks and quality of supplied water, and improves solar energy utilization rate.
The utility model provides a curved-surface solar cell.
The curved-surface solar cell comprises curved-surface glass and a thin-film solar cell arranged on the surface of the curved-surface glass.
the thin-film solar cell comprises a substrate and a cell unit arranged on the substrate, wherein the battery unit is divided into a plurality of sub-battery units by at least one cutting area, when the number of the cutting areas is more than one, the cutting areas are parallel to each other.
and the connection relationship between the adjacent sub-battery units is selected from at least one of parallel connection, series connection and combined connection of parallel connection and series connection.
According to the curved-surface solar cell, the voltage of the thin-film solar cell can be reduced to be lower than the safety voltage, the problem that the thin-film solar cell and the curved-surface glass are difficult to attach when the curved-surface glass is bent greatly is solved, and theyield of products is increased.
The utility model provides a solar energy dual supply complementation power supply system and solar lamp, wherein, a solar energy dual supply complementation power supply system.
including solar energy unit, stand -by power supply unit, photosensitive unit, power source switching unit and detecting element, solar energy unit,stand -by power supply unit, photosensitive unit and detecting element are connected with power source switching unit respectively.
the solar energy unit still is connected with photosensitive unit, detecting element detects the electric quantity of solar energy unit andstand -by power supply unit respectively, the detecting element trigger power source switch unit carries out switching of power.
A solar lamp, adopts as above wantonly solar energy dual supply complementation power supply system.
The utility model provides a solar energy dual supply complementation power supply system and solar lamp, design through each unit combines has realized charging on sunny's daytime, guarantees enough load work a whole night, on cloudy day or rainy day, through the switching of two kinds of complementary powers, the proof load can both normally be worked the whole night.
The utility model discloses a full-automatic solar outer bucket processing machine for bending plate materials and bonding them in cylindrical shape. 
The machine comprises a rack; a main plate material feed device is mounted at one end of the rack; an auxiliary plate material feed device is mounted at the other end of the rack.
plate bending devices are mounted on the racks at the stroke tail ends of the main plate material feed device and the auxiliary plate material feed device.
a plate material edge folding device and a plate material butting pressing device are mounted on the racks on the plate material bending devices; and the rack is also provided with an automatic bucket discharging device.
The utility model overcomes the defect of the traditional outer bucket processing equipment, which is flow operating equipment integrating the functions of assembling plate materials, coiling buckets and pressing edges, and connecting round buckets; and the processing procedure has no drilled holes and no rivets, and the joining seams will not leak water.
The utility model has the advantages of high automation level, high processing accuracy, simple operation and use and low batch production cost of outer buckets.
The utility model relates to solar energy technical field, concretely relates to solar collector prevents superheater and solar collector.
A solar collector prevents the superheater, includes shape memory alloy spring driver (1), a rotating device (2) and reflecting plate (3), reflecting plate (3) set up the outside of solar collector thermal -collecting tube (4), shape memory alloy spring driver(1) drive rotate a rotating device (2), a rotating device (2) and reflecting plate (3) transmission is connected, a rotating device (2) drive reflecting plate (3) and wind rotate thermal -collecting tube (4).
The problem of exist among the prior art prevent that the superheater part is many, the structure is complicated, with high costs is solved.
The utility model provides a solar desk lamp control circuit with a display function and a solar desk lamp. The control circuit comprises a solar charging and voltage regulating module, a light sourcedisplay control module and an MCU microcontroller module.
The output end of the solar charging and voltage regulating module is coupled with the power supply end of the MCU microcontroller module; and a plurality of I/O control ports of the MCU microcontroller module are respectively coupled with a plurality of input ends and output ends of the light source display control module.
The utility model provides a solar desk lamp control circuit with a display function and a solar desk lamp. The rotation speed of the light source is collected through the MCU, the change frequency of light of the light source is calculated, accurate control over the light change mode is achieved in a programming mode, and display of specific characters and pattern content is achieved according to the characteristic that human eyes have visual persistence.
The whole device adopts a solar photovoltaic power generation technology as main energy consumption, and has the characteristics of energy conservation, environmental protection, low cost and multiple functions.
The invention discloses a solar cell, a preparation method thereof and a photovoltaic module.
The solar cell comprises a silicon substrate (1), wherein a local region on the surface of the silicon substrate (1) is a doped region (2), and a region outside the doped region (2) is a non-doped region (3); a passivation medium layer (4) which is arranged on the non-doped region (3); a semiconductor thin film layer (5) which is arranged on the passivation medium layer (4); and an electrode (6) which is in contact with the doped region (2).
According to the invention, the passivation dielectric layerand the doped silicon thin film are used for surface passivation of the surface of the non-doped region of a local back field cell, so that the passivation effect of the solar cell can be improved.
The preparation method of the solar cell provided by the invention is compatible with the existing process, and is low in cost.
The invention discloses a back surface electrode of a P type PERC two-sided solar battery. 
The back surface electrode comprises at least two parallel back silver main gates and 25-500 parallel aluminum gate lines, wherein the aluminum gate lines are perpendicularly connected with the back silver main gates.
the aluminum gate lines are connected with P type silicon through an aluminum gate slotting region on the back surface of a silicon wafer.
the back silver main gates are connected with the P type silicon through a back silver slotting region on the back surface of a silicon wafer.
at least one back silver slotting unit is arranged in the back silver slotting region; and the back silver slotting unit pattern adopts a long-strip rectangle shape.
The invention also discloses the P type PERC two-sided solar battery.
The P type PERC two-sided solar battery is high in current exporting capability and simple in structure, industrialization can be realized easily, and the photoelectric conversion efficiency of the battery is improved at the same time.
The invention provides a fully-automatic solar battery cell string welding machine and relates to the technical field of solar battery cell string welding machines.
The fully-automatic solar battery cell series welding machine structurally comprises a solar battery cell string output device; 
the solar battery cell string output device comprises a placement platform, a first power device and a second power device, a welded solar battery cell string is placed on the placement platform, the first power device drives the placement platform to ascend, then the second power device drives the first power device.
the placement platform and the solar battery cell string to conduct transverse movement jointly in the material outputting direction to send out the solar battery cell string, then the second power device resets, accordingly the first power device falls back, and the mentioned action is repeated continuously. 
According to the fully-automatic solar battery cell string welding machine, in the process of sending out the solar battery cell string, the solar battery piece string is relatively static to the placement platform, so that the situation that solar battery cell string is damaged due to friction or relative motion can be avoided.
and the solar battery cell can be carried on the basis that the solar battery cell is well protected.
The utility model discloses a tape machine for a solar battery pack, comprising a handle, a bottom plate, a tensioning wheel arranged at one end of the bottom plate and a tape edge-pressing wheel arranged at the other end of the bottom plate, 
wherein at least two tape guide wheels and at least one tape pre-pressing wheel are arranged between the tensioning wheel and the tape edge-pressing wheel in sequence.
a guide wheel is also arranged, and the centers of the guide wheel, the tape pre-pressing wheel and the tape edge-pressing wheel are in the same line and are positioned at the same side of the bottom plate.
the handle is fixedly arranged on the bottom plate and is positioned above the tape edge-pressing wheel and the tape pre-pressing wheel.
the guide wheel and the tape edge-pressing wheel are pulleys, and grooves thereof are matched with the thickness of the solar battery pack; and the tape guide wheels are pulleys, and the groove thereof is matched with the thickness of the tape.
The tape machine can stick the tape at the side edge of the solar battery pack accurately and firmly, thus greatly improving the working efficiency.
A multi junction solar cell for a space radiation environment, the multi junction solar cell having a plurality of solar sub-cells arranged in order of decreasing band gap including:a first solar subcell composed of InGaP and having a first band gap, the first solar subcell having a first short circuit current associated therewith;
a second solar subcell composed of GaAs and having a second band gap which is less than the first band gap, the second solar subcell having a second short circuit current associated therewith; 
wherein in a beginning of life state the first short circuit current is less than the second short circuit current such that the AMO conversion efficiency is sub-optimal.
However, in an end of life state, the short circuit current are substantially matched, which results in an improved AMO conversion efficiency.
The utility model discloses a solar heat collector, which comprises a heat collector header, wherein the heat collector header is connected with a stainless steel heating pipe, and the end of the stainless steel heating pipe which is connected with the heat collector header is provided with ripples.
The length of the pipe section with the ripples of the stainless steel heating pipe is 15 cm to 20 cm.
The heat collector header is provided with threaded pipe orifices, and the end of each stainless steel heating pipe with the ripples is connected with the threaded pipe orifice through a locking nut.
A sealing plain cushion is arranged inside each locking nut.
Due to the adoption of the solar heat collector, the requirement on the concentricity of the inner and the outer shell of the heat collector threaded pipe orifice and vacuum pipes can be reduced, the requirement on the direction consistence of threaded pipe orifices of runners of the heat collector can be reduced, and the installation difficulty can be reduced.
Therefore, not only can the solar heat collector be convenient to install, but also the processing difficulty of the runner is also reduced.
The invention discloses a solar cell and an electrode pattern design thereof.
A solar cell electrode comprises a back electrode structure and a front electrode structure, and is characterized in that the front electrode structure has a full-main-grid structure, and comprises at least two main grids.
Correspondingly, the invention further provides a solar cell adopting the electrode pattern design, and a solar cell assembly formed by connecting the solar cells.
Due to the adoption of the structure provided by the invention, the photoelectric converting efficiency is increased under the condition that the series resistance of the solar cells are not increased remarkably, and cost can be lowered effectively.
Moreover, when the solar cell assembly is formed by connecting, the connection sections among the solar cells are increased, so that the series resistance inside the assembly is reduced, and the output yield can be further increased in an assembling step.
The utility model discloses an electrode structure of solar cell, be in including solar energy silicon chip, setting photoelectric conversion layer, setting on the solar energy silicon chip are in photoelectric conversion layer positive front electrode and setting are in the back electrode at the photoelectric conversion layer back.
the front electrode and/or back electrode package draws togethera plurality of main grid lines and a plurality of thin grid line, and every main grid line forms a disconnection region all in the centre disconnection, as the cutting position of solar energy siliconchip, and is in thin grid line does not distribute in the disconnection region.
Through all breaking off every main grid line in the centre to it is regional to form a disconnection, and as the cutting position of solar energy silicon chip, thin grid line does not just distribute in breaking off the region
there by in order reducing the damage that the cutting brought conveniently in regional half cutting accomplishing the solar energy silicon chip of centre disconnection, reduce series resistance, promote half battery piece efficiency after the cutting.
The utility model provides a solar energy tracker and a novel flat homotaxial solar energy tracking system.
The system comprises three or more solar energy trackers. 
Each solar energy tracker comprises two stand columns, four sensor assemblies, a solar cell panel mounting rack, a rotary driver, a bearing, a solar cell panel aluminum frame and a solar cell panel and further comprises a hoop, a right-angle connecting piece and an M8 erection bolt, wherein the hoop, the right-angle connecting piece and the M8 erection bolt play a role in connection.
The solar energy tracker and the novel flat homotaxial solar energy tracking system are suitable for different installing places and installation gaps among different tracker arrays, and not affected by installation errors.
The utility model discloses a solar water -heating purifies directly system of drinking, including solar water heater, water storage box, water purifier, the water purifier be connected with the water storage tank of directly drinking water, straight drinking water water storage tank jar be connected with the heating
the heating jar in be equipped with heating device, straight drinking water water storage tank on be equipped with the first delivery port of directly drinking water, the heating jar on be equipped with the second delivery port of directly drinking water.
Compared with the prior art, the beneficial effects of the utility model are that: shine under the good circumstances at sunshine, cold water heats in solar water heater to the boiling, shunts the water storage box and stores, 
purify in the hot water inflow clarifier of the storage in the water storage box, but the hot water for drinking who comes out, the taste is good, under the circumstances of sunshine underexposure, after purifying, again through heating jar boosting to appointed temperature to ask and reach the suitable temperature of drinking.
The object of the present invention is to disclose a doping layer surface passivation layer structure of a solar cell and a preparation method thereof.
The structure comprises a silicon wafer substrate, a doped layer and a passivation layer, the N+/P+ doping is carried out on the surface of the silicon wafer substrate to form the doped layer which is on the silicon wafer substrate, and the passivation layer is on the surface of the doped layer.
Compared with the prior art, SiOx:P or SiOx:B grown in a diffusion doping process is used as the surface passivation layer of the doped layer of the solar cell, the growth of the passivation layer is on the surface of the doped layer is achieved without additional process, the preparation process flow of the solar cell is simplified,
the doped layerand the surface passivation layer are completed in one time in the diffusion process, the problem of the influence of an external environment on the surface passivation quality of the doped layer issolved, the stability of the quality of the solar cell product is improved, and the object of the present invention is achieved.
The invention relates to the technical field of coating materials for glass films, in particular to a dustproof solar glass antireflection film coating material and a preparation method thereof and dustproof high-antireflection solar glass.
The dustproof solar glass antireflection film coating material comprises waterborne silicon dioxide resin, an organic template, functional nanoparticle solution and water; the functional nanoparticle solution comprises needle-bar nano ATO or/and carbon nano tubes, nano NTO and water.
The dustproof solar glass antireflection film coating material can isolatedust to reduce contact area of dust and film layer, so that dust is not easy to be adsorbed but easy to slide down, and accordingly dust proofing effect is better.
The dustproof high-antireflection solar glass has high light transmittance rate, has electrostatic resistance and super-hydrophilicity, can suppress dust adsorption, and further reduce the problem of attenuation of generating efficiency due to dust accumulation on solar photovoltaic modules outdoor, decrease cleaning frequency of the solar photovoltaic modules, and further reduce cleaning and maintenance cost.
The invention discloses a solar curing barn. 
The solar curing barn is characterized in that solar air collectors are mounted on a roof on the outside of a curing barn, an opening of a phase-change heat storage ball chamber is sequentially connected with a solar fan, a solar air valve and a solar hot-air pipeline, 
the solar hot-air pipeline is connected with an opening in one end of a solar cold-air pipeline by an upper blind window mounted above a first wall of a heating chamber, the solar cold-air pipeline is arranged inside the heating chamber, 
an opening in the other end of the solar cold-air pipeline is formed in the lower side of the heating chamber and is aligned with an opening in the lower side of a second wall between the heating chamber and a tobacco loading chamber, a circulating fan,a condenser and an electric heater are further arranged on the upper side of the heating chamber,
an opening of the circulating fan is connected with an opening in the upper side of the wall between the heating chamber and the tobacco loading chamber, the electric heater is connected with an air-source heat pump by an electric wire,
the air-source heat pump is arranged on the outside of the heating chamber, and a moisture removing opening is further formed in the lower side of the wall of the heating chamber.
The solar curing barn has the advantages that the solar air collectors mounted on the curing barn are large in areas, and accordingly a curing barn system is high in heat utilization rate.
The utility model provides a foldable solar energy food cart. 
The foldable solar energy food cart comprises a food cart body, and is characterized in that a solar device and an operation platform combination are arranged on the food cart.
the solar device comprises a solar panel combination and a support frame; the solar panel combination is fixed above the operation platform combination through the support frame.
the solar panel combination comprises a first solar panel, a second solar panel, a third solar panel, a fourth solar panel and a fifth solar panel; 
the first solar panel is fixed at the top position of the food cart body through the support frame; the second solar panel, the third solar panel, the fourth solar panel and the fifth solar panel are respectively arranged on the front edge, the rear edge, the left edge and the right edge of the food cart body. 
The foldable solar energy food cart is small in size, convenient to use, and convenient to replace a battery, and can satisfy the use requirement during continuous rainy days.
The utility model discloses an assembled type ceramic plate solar heat collector integrated with a balcony, and a solar water heating system. 
The solar heat collector comprises a solar ceramic heat collecting plate and a balcony concrete template;
the solar ceramic heat collecting plate comprises a back plate, a heat-insulation template, a ceramic heat collector, a hollow transparent cover plate, an upper collecting pipe, a lower collecting pipe, an anti-freezing heat-conducting medium, an upper collecting pipe positioning frame, a lower collecting pipe positioning frame, and a frame,
wherein one side of the back plate is in contact with the balcony concrete template, and the other side of the back plate is fixedly connected with one side of the heat-insulation template; the other side of the heat-insulation template is fixedly connected with one side of the ceramic heat collector; 
the other side of the ceramic heat collector and the hollow transparent cover plate are arranged in parallel at intervals; the upper collecting pipe and the lower collecting pipe are respectively communicated with the upper end and the lower end of the ceramic heat collector; the collecting pipes are buried into the collecting pipe positioning frames.
The assembled type ceramic plate solar heat collector acts as a building component due to the adoption of the modularized design, is convenient and simple in connection of all the modules, is suitable for integrated assembly with the balcony and is convenient to mount in architecture construction.
The utility model discloses a windproof solar cell panel for a solar street lamp, and belongs to the field of windproof solar cell panels.
Provided is a windproof solar cell panel for a solar street lamp. The solar cell panel comprises a shell, a lamp post and a cell panel body, a mounting groove I is formed in the shell.
a motor is fixedly mounted in the mounting groove I; a shaft is connected to the output end of the motor, an internal threaded rod is connected to the shaft, a second mounting groove is formed in the shell and communicates with the first mounting groove, 
a push rod is movable connected into the second mounting groove,an external thread is arranged at the lower end of the push rod, and the rotating direction of the external thread is opposite to that of the internal threaded rod.
according to the utility model, two sides of the solar cell panel are folded together in windy weather, so that the light receiving surface is prevented from being damaged and can work normally, thereby realizing the function of protecting the solar cell panel.
and the device is novel in structure, simple and convenient to operate and capable of meeting the requirements of the windproof solar cell panel.
The utility model discloses a surface of water solar energy rigidity photovoltaic board array draws together a plurality of floating platforms, connects shaped steel, photovoltaic board support and photovoltaic board, the both sides of floating platform are equipped with a pair of fixed orifices of picking up the ears at least
connect shaped steel through picking up the ears the fixed orifices rigid coupling in the both sides of floating platform and form the polyphone floating platform with a plurality of floating platforms polyphone, polyphone floating platform parallel configuration, photovoltaic board support includes support foreleg and support back leg respectively
support foreleg and support back leg are established respectively on the connection shaped steel of adjacent parallel configuration polyphone floating platform, and it is whole to connect formation with a plurality of the polyphone floating platforms that parallel, the photovoltaic board is established on photovoltaic board support.
This is novel to have the low cost, prevent wind, put characteristics such as wave to can be applicable to regions such as the surface of water such as pond, lake surface lays.
The present disclosure provides a solar energy system.
The solar energy system comprises a solar collector for providing energy generated from incident solar radiation.
The system comprises a first heat exchange system comprising an ejector that is arranged to operate using at least a portion of the energy provided by the solar energy collector.
Further, the system comprises a second heat exchange system arranged to operate using energy from an energy source other than a source of solar source.
The solar energy system is arranged for direct or indirect transfer of thermal energy between the first heat exchange system and a region and between the second heat exchange system and the region.
Further, he solar energy system is arranged for direct or indirect transfer of thermal energy from the second heat exchange system for use by at least one of: the first heat exchange system and a system for heating water.
The utility model discloses a solar vacuum tube cold and hot impact test device which comprises a supporting frame, a left-and-right moving device, an up-and-down moving device, a positioning device, a cold water tank, a hot water tank and a controller.
Openings are formed in the upper ends of the cold water tank and the hot water tank. The left-and-right moving device and the up-and-down moving device are connected with the controller. 
The left end and the right end of the supporting frame are provided with limit switches which are electrically connected with the controller. 
When the left end of the left-and-right moving device is in contact with the limit switch at the left end of the supporting frame, a vacuum pipe corresponds to the opening on the left. 
When the right end of the left-and-right moving device is in contact with the limit switch of the right end of the supporting frame, the vacuum pipe corresponds to the opening on the right. 
The controller is provided with a moving timing module which controls the up-and-down moving device to move and a static timing device which controls the up-and-down moving device to stop. 
In the testing process, the vacuum pipe moves back and forth in an up-and-down mode and a left-and-right mode without manual operation, the automation degree is high, collision of the left-and-right moving device with the supporting frame is avoided and potential safety risks are avoided.
The utility model discloses a novel efficiency solar monocrystalline silicon cell for intermittent printing of a solver wire of a current loop, which comprises a solar monocrystalline silicon cell (1), and silk-screen grid lines (2) on the front surface of the monocrystalline silicon cell, and is characterized in that: the grid lines (2) on the solar monocrystalline silicon cell (1) are connected in S shape.
The novel efficiency solar monocrystalline silicon cell disclosed by the utility model not only reduces the increment of the serial connection of the cells caused by printing broken grids and reduces the quantity of black speckles, but also can collect more effective current.
The utility model relates to a different-property solar energy double-glass component.
The different-property solar energy double-glass component comprises a plurality of solar cells, the plurality of solar cells are connected with one another through wires and then are positioned in the same plane, light acceptance surfaces of the plurality of solar cells face toward the same side, shady surfaces of the plurality of solar cells all face the other side, an outer layer glass sheet is arranged on the light acceptance surfaces of the plurality of solar cells, and an inner layer glass sheet is arranged on the shady surfaces of the plurality of solar cells.
The plurality of solar cells are detachably connected with the outer layer glass sheet and the inner layer glass sheet.
The different-property solar energy double-glass component can ensure transmission of light, and meanwhile effectively protect service life of the solar cells. Moreover, the solar cells are detachably connected with the outer layer glass sheet and the inner layer glass sheet, and thus the fact that the solar cells are easy to change is ensured.
The invention discloses a solar storage battery pack and a production method.
The solar storage battery pack comprises a solar storage battery pack body, a film lithium battery panel and a mini smart controller.
The film lithium battery panel and the mini smart controller are arranged on the back of the solar battery pack body, film lithium battery modules are uniformly arranged in the film lithium battery panel at intervals, and the mini smart controller is connected with the solar battery pack body and the film lithium battery panel respectively.
The production method includes packaging the solar battery pack body at first, installing the film lithium battery panel and the mini smart controller on the back of the solar battery pack body respectively, connecting leads of the solar battery pack body and the film lithium battery panel to the mini smart controller respectively, and assembling aluminum-alloy frame to the solar battery pack body with the film lithium battery panel and the mini smart controller.
The solar storage battery pack is suitable for an independent photovoltaic power generation system, not only simplifies installation of the system but reduces circuit loss thereof.
The invention relates to a flower forcing device of a solar energy photovoltaic power generation system in a peony plant, which belongs to the technical field of application of new energy sources.
A solar energy cell illuminated by sunlight throughout the year generates direct current, and the direct current is input to a controller by an electric lead and is adjusted; the direct current output from the controller enters a lithium ion cell and is stored, and the power can be accumulated for a long time so as to be prepared for the winter flower forcing of the peony plant.
The direct current output from the lithium ion cell enters an inverter and is converted into alternating current, and the alternating current supplies power to a water spray device, an illumination device, a temperature adjusting device and a humidity adjusting device by the electric lead.
The adjustment of humidity, temperature and light is strictly carried out according to a peony flower forcing technology.
Peony flowers and leaves growing in a transparent flower forcing container can receive the illumination of natural light.
The root of the peony plant grows in a specially prepared culture substrate.
The peony flower forcing can increase the economic income of flower growers of a peony production region and the interest for celebrating the New Year of urban and rural people in a plurality of places in China.
The utility model relates to an independent power generation device of a viaduct bridge type solar power station built above coastal shoals, and belongs to the technical field of new resource application.
Salt content of coastal shoals is high, and most of alkali flat is not fully utilized except sea water culturing farms or halophyte farms on fewer districts, the viaduct bridge type solar power station built along the coastal shoals fully utilizes sunlight irradiated on the ground surface to independently generate power.
transmitted direct current is inputted into a controller through a conductive wire, direct current outputted by the controller not only can be inputted into an accumulator for storage, but also can be inputted into a converter for conversing direct current into alternating current, after the alternating current outputted from an inverter enters a power distribution room for adjusting.
the alternating current outputted from a power distribution room is for supplying various alternating current loads nearly, for example, the alternating current supplies electricity for coastal highway lighting appliances or seawater cultivating farms.
Maintenance traffic lanes extending in all directions are arranged on the bridge surface of the viaduct type solar power station, thereby facilitating maintaining of normal work of solar battery components.
System and method for identifying solar panels are provided.
In accordance with exemplary embodiments, an electrical signal within one or more solar cells of the solar panel is detected and processed to provide a detection signal corresponding to a distinguishing characteristic associated with the solar panel.
In accordance with alternative exemplary embodiments, a light sensor is disposed along a sightline from the solar panel to detect a light emission produced by dissipation of electrical power by one or more solar cells of the solar panel.
In accordance with further alternative exemplary embodiments, selective blocking of light to (e.g., shading of) portions of predetermined solar panels causes corresponding changes in output power that can be used to identify affected solar panels.
The invention discloses an operating method for a nano-structure solar cell chip based on a silicon nitride film, and the method comprises the following steps: (A), enabling the bottom surface of a solar cell box to remain parallel to a horizontal plane at ordinary times
(B), enabling a solar cell to finally be nearly perpendicular to the horizontal plane when the weather forecast informs that there will be hail, and enabling a baffle plate to replace the solar cell box for bearing the impact of hail
(C), enabling the solar cell box to be recovered to be parallel to the horizontal plane after the hailing is stopped, and receiving the solar energy again
(D), enabling rainwater to enter a water collector through a drain tank during raining, and finally discharging the rainwater through a drainpipe.
The method avoids the impact of hail through adjusting the angle of the solar cell box protects the solar cell, gets rid of tempered glass and an EVA material layer, increases the total amount of sunlight received by the solar cell panel, remarkably increases the total amount of electric energy converted by the solar energy, and is higher in application value for a remote no-power region.
A multilayer anti-reflection structure (310) for a backside contact solar cell (300).
The anti-reflection structure (310) may be formed on a front side of the backside contact solar cell (300).
The anti-reflection structure (310) may include a passivation level (312), a high optical absorption layer (313) over the passivation level, and a low optical absorption layer (314) over the high optical absorption layer (313).
The passivation level (312) may include silicon dioxide thermally grown on a textured surface of the solar cell substrate (102), which may be an N-type silicon substrate.
The high optical absorption layer (313) may be configured to block at least 10% of UV radiation coming into the substrate.
The high optical absorption layer (313) may comprise high-k silicon nitride and the low optical absorption layer (314) may comprise low-k silicon nitride.
The utility model relates to the field of solar energy technology, see through problem, the solar double -glass assembly who provides a low cost, effectual, has banding material or banding technology in order to solve steam.
The utility model discloses a double glazing, double glazing be the non - neat correspond with specification and dimension or the neat different specification and dimension that correspond, have a sealing layer in that double glazing's outward flange department is sealed.
The utility model discloses simple structure, cost are extremely low, do not need additionally to add any subassembly and equipment, and production efficiency improves to sealed effect is splendid, compares with the traditional banding technology that has the frame, the utility model discloses the performance also is superior, has fine market value and practicality.
The utility model discloses a laminated member assembly of a solar cell. A plurality of laminated members are tiled and connected to form the laminated member assembly; the laminated members comprises a backboard, a first EVA layer, a cell piece layer, a second EVA layer and a glass layer; 
and an edge of the glass layer protrudes above an edge of the cell piece layer, the distance between the edge of the glass layer and the edge of the cell piece layer is 1cm, side edges of the laminated members are closed through an adhesive tape, and the laminated members are connected through buckles.
The distance between the edge of the glass layer and the edge of the cell piece layer is 1cm, so the overall area of the assembly formed by buckling each two adjacent laminated members through the buckles is reduced, the land occupied area of the laminated members of the solar cell is then reduced, using space is saved, and electric energy production per unit area is increased.
The invention discloses a solar cell backboard and a solar cell component with the same. The solar cell backboard comprises a backboard body, wherein the backboard body is provided with a cooling module and a junction box;
the cooling module comprises heat-conducting sheets, first heat-conducting posts, a second heat-conducting post, heating panels, cooling chambers, first bolts, heat-conducting post fixing grooves and cooling windows; slots are formed in the left end and the right end of a box body of the junction box;
each heating panel is provided with an inserting boss matched with the corresponding slot; and the junction box is connected with the cooling module through heat-conducting connectors. 
The junction box is connected with the cooling module, so that the cooling module is capable of cooling the junction box while cooling the solar cell component.
Through the arrangement of the cooling module on the backboard body, the heat dissipation performance of the cooling module is greatly improved, the heat dissipation capability of the component is strengthened and the output power of the component is improved.
The invention aims at disclosing an IBC solar cell secondary grating triple screen printing structure, which comprises a DP1 graph layer, a DP2 graph layer and a DP3 graph layer, wherein the DP3 graph layer is overprinted on the DP1 graph layer and the DP2 graph layer.
In comparison with the prior art, the DP1 graph layer and the DP2 graph layer adopt dot-type secondary gratings, the contact area between a metal electrode and a silicon substrate is effectively reduced, the metal recombination of the metal electrode is thus reduced.
and when the metal electrode is prepared, contact pastes matching P+ and N+ doping characteristics effectively are adopted, and the contact resistance is effectively reduced. 
The DP3 graph layer adopts a straight-through secondary grating, in the case of preparation of the electrode, a non-contact paste with good conductivity is used, contact between the metal electrode and the silicon substrate is prevented, the metal recombination of the electrode is greatly reduced, 
the dot-type secondary gratings are also connected, current generated by the battery can be effectively collected and transmitted, the open circuit voltage, the short circuit current and the conversion efficiency of the IBC solar cell can be effectively improved, and the purposes of the invention are realized.
The utility model discloses an outdoor high-power solar power controller. 
The outdoor high-power solar power controller comprises a cabinet, and a master control unit, an operating interface and electronic heating elements which are arranged in the cabinet.
The cabinet consists of a cabinet body and a cabinet cover in fit with the cabinet body. 
The part, matched with the cabinet cover, of the cabinet body is provided with an annular raised rib. The part, corresponding to the raised rib, on the cabinet cover is provided with an annular soft rubber gasket. 
The left and right sides of the cabinet body are provided with a vertical radiator respectively, and are also provided with a through hole respectively.
The radiators are arranged on the left and right sides of the cabinet by a sealant, and are communicated with an inner cavity of the cabinet body by the through holes on the sides of the cabinet. 
The electronic heating elements are directly arranged on the radiators by the through holes on the left and right sides of the cabinet body.
The outdoor high-power solar power controller provided by the utility model has relatively higher radiation performance to effectively reduce temperature in the cabinet, and simultaneously has relatively higher sealing performance to effectively function in preventing water and dust, thereby ensuring the normal use of the power controller.
The invention relates to a solar energy-utilizing device capable of synchronously generating and outputting electric energy and thermal energy, which belongs to the field of solar energy-utilizing devices.
The invention solves the problem of compatibility and integration of solar heat collection and solar power generation. 
A solar power-generating and heat-collecting plate is mounted in a shell (8), and consists of solar heat-absorbing core plates (1) and solar power-generating and heat-collecting core plates (2) or only consists of the solar power-generating and heat-collecting core plates (2),
silicon solar cell wafers (3) are tightly and hermetically packaged and attached on the sunlight-collecting surface of a heat-absorbing metal plate (5) through a bonding layer (4), so that the core plate is formed, the heat-absorbing metal plate (5) is an aluminum alloy section, 
the surface of which is anodized, a heat transfer medium passage metal tube (6) which can be connected with headers is detachably mounted on the shady surface of the heat-absorbing metal plate (5), 
an assorted sealing type heat-insulating layer (9) is arranged in the shell (8), an assorted sealing type transparent cover board (10) is also mounted on the shell (8), and the effective space h between the board and the silicon solar cell wafers (3) is 15mm to 25mm. 
The invention has the advantages that: the heat-collecting function and the power-generating function are integrated, so the device has double functions, the utilization efficiency of solar energy is high, the cost performance is high, the cost is low, and the device can be conveniently produced in batches, popularized and applied.
A solar cell panel installation and fixing device comprises a solar cell panel module and a fixing device which is bonded and fixed on a back side of the module.
The fixing device comprises at least two guide rails, wherein the guide rails are extended out of an edge of the module for a certain distance and the guide rails are bonded and connected with a bonding surface of the module.
A support fixing apparatus comprises a pedestal, a fixed slot and a slot which is in a U shape.
The pedestal is located at a lowest part of the support fixing device. 
The fixed slot and the U shaped slot are arranged on two sides of a horizontal plane of a support structure in a supporting structure and are fixed on the pedestal through the support structure. 
An opening direction of the U shaped slot is a horizontal direction and is a backward direction of the direction of a screw-fixed slot.
The invention also discloses a solar cell panel installation and fixing method.
By using the device and the method, installation of the solar cell panel is simple, an installation space can be saved and installation costs can be reduced.
The invention provides a heating plate suitable for a solar cell laminator. 
The heating plate is arranged in the solar cell laminator; the solar cell laminator comprises an upper cover which is formed by combining an upper box chamber, a silica gel plate and an upper chamber sealing ring in turn; 
the heating plate is arranged below the upper cover; a laid cell component is arranged on the heating plate of the laminator; 
the upper cover is pressed downwards so as to firmly joint a lower chamber sealing ring on the upper cover and the edge of the heating plate and form a vacuum chamber between the upper cover and the heating plate; 
the upper box chamber is arranged on the upper part of the heating plate and forms a vacuum chamber with the heating plate; 
the upper chamber sealing ring is arranged at the periphery of the silica gel plate; 
the lower chamber sealing ring is arranged at the periphery of the heating plate and matched with the upper chamber sealing ring so as to seal the vacuum chamber;
an electric heating device and a temperature control device are arranged in the heating plate; the heating plate is rectangular and is partitioned into a main heating region and an auxiliary heating region according to the horizontal rectangular plate surface of the heating plate; 
and the auxiliary heating region encircles the main heating region.
The utility model discloses a rhombus crystal silicon solar silicon chip and a solar cell prepared by the same.
The rhombus crystal silicon solar silicon chip includes a silicon chip in a rhombus shape, and the rhombus silicon chip is prepared by trisecting a sheet body formed by an inscribed regular hexagon of a cross section of a cylindrical crystal silicon rod.
The solar cell prepared by the rhombus crystal silicon solar silicon chip is prepared by the rhombus silicon chip and a crystal silicon solar cell technology.
The solar cell also can be formed by trisecting a regular hexagon cell prepared by a regular hexagon silicon chip.
The silicon chip disclosed by the utility model is in a rhombus shape, utilization rate of a silicon rod is raised, and a 10-inche silicon rod or a bigger one can also be used
the prepared rhombus cell sheet can be packaged as an ordinary rectangular assembly according to a present method of arranging cells in series, and the prepared rhombus cell also can fully match a parallelogram assembly product and a rhombus assembly product
and 100% utilization (except frames) is achieved under the optimal condition, and the whole efficiency of the assembly is indirectly raised.
The utility model discloses solar equipment with a heat collecting tube convenient to maintain. 
The solar equipment comprises a solar mounting bracket, a solar heating water tank and a solar vacuum heat collecting tube, a heat collecting pipe dismounting guide pipe is also arranged in the solar heating water tank;
the upper end of the heat collecting pipe dismounting guide pipe penetrates through the top wall of the solar heating water tank and is positioned above the solar vacuum heat collecting pipe;
a heat preservation and insulation plug is arranged at the upper end of the heat collection pipe dismounting guide pipe; 
wherein the lower end of the heat collecting pipe dismounting guide pipe is located in the solar heating water tank and coaxially sleeved at the upper end of the solar vacuum heat collecting pipe, and a hollow water passing hole is formed in the side wall of the heat collecting pipe dismounting guide pipe and located in the solar heating water tank.
According to the utility model, the solar evacuated collector tube can be conveniently maintained without emptying liquid in the water tank communicated with the solar evacuated collector tube.
The utility model relates to a solar charging vehicle shed capable of tracking the sun in a single-shaft linkage mode. 
The solar charging vehicle shed comprises a plurality of vertical columns fixed to the ground, beams connecting the vertical columns and a ceiling arranged on the upper portions of the vertical columns. 
The ceiling is composed of a plurality of solar cell panels movably arranged on the upper portions of the vertical columns.
The solar charging vehicle shed further comprises a power grid or storage batteries, wherein the power grid or the storage batteries are connected with the solar cell panels.
Sockets are arranged in the vertical columns or/and the beams and are connected with the storage batteries or the power grid through lines.
Sockets are arranged in the vertical columns or/and the beams and are connected with the storage batteries or the power grid through lines.
A ceiling of an original vehicle shed is replaced with the solar cell panels, the sockets are arranged in the vertical columns and the beams, when parked in the vehicle shed, a battery car or an electric automobile can be directly charged.
the solar cell panels can be linked and rotate and can achieve synchronous rotation along with changes of the position of the sun, and accordingly generated power can be increased by about 15-20%.
The invention relates to the field of solar energy technologies, in particular to a different-property solar energy double-glass component.
The different-property solar energy double-glass component comprises plural solar cells, the plural solar cells are connected with one another through wires and then are positioned in the same plane, light acceptance surfaces of the plural solar cells face toward the same side, shady surfaces of the plural solar cells all face the other side
an outer layer glass sheet is arranged on the light acceptance surfaces of the plural solar cells, and an inner layer glass sheet is arranged on the shady surfaces of the plural solar cells. The plural solar cells are detachably connected with the outer layer glass sheet and the inner layer glass sheet.
The different-property solar energy double-glass component can ensure transmission of light, and meanwhile effectively protect service life of the solar cells.
Moreover, the solar cells are detachably connected with the outer layer glass sheet and the inner layer glass sheet, and thus the fact that the solar cells are easy to change is ensured.
The utility model provides a flexible solar cell subassembly, in cludes and folds the solar module that a plurality of solar wafer that the part connects constitutes by the bendable, solar module one end connection current supply line, solar wafer establishes at the edge magnetic material.
and respectively there is a magnetic material on two limits at the solar wafer edge that wherein lie in solar module middle zone, and respectively there is a magnetic material on the three limit in solar wafer edge that lies in the solar module both ends, solar wafer edge two adjacent magnetic material of solar module middle zone lie in with the polarity of one side on the contrary.
The problem of solar module convenient automatic laminating when folding is solved, have simple structure, convenient to use's characteristics, and remove the convenience, expanded application range.
The invention relates to a rack of a solar tracker. The rack of the solar tracker comprises a lest support, a right support, a main beam and a plurality of secondary beams, wherein the left support and the right support are fixed on the ground, the two ends of the main beam are movably arranged at the top of the left support and the top of the right support respectively.
the secondary beams are fixedly arranged on the main beam, the distance between every two adjacent secondary beams is matched with the width of each solar cell panel, the secondary beams are horizontally arranged and arranged perpendicular to the main beam, and the main beam is of an arc-shaped structure protruding upwards.
The rack of the solar tracker is a supporting part of the solar cell panels, the main beam is designed to be in the arc shape protruding upwards, therefore, the main beam has stronger bearing capacity compared with a steel product with the same caliber and the same thickness, the steel product with a small caliber and a small thickness can be adopted as the main beam and can have enough bearing capacity, the amount of steel used for the system is reduced, and cost is reduced.
The utility model relates to a manual adjusting type photovoltaic solar heat collecting device, which comprises a manual adjusting bracket, an energy gathering mechanism and a stove body, wherein the manual adjusting bracket comprises a bottom plate, a rotary shaft, a gear and an arc-shaped rack, steel nails are arranged at the bottom part of the bottom plate.
a bit sleeve is arranged on the bottom plate, a handle is arranged on the gear, the energy gathering mechanism comprises an arc-shaped bracket, a light reflecting layer, a first reflective mirror, a beam collector and a second reflective mirror, the stove body comprises a casing, an arc surface mirror.
a first light reflecting plate, a second light reflecting plate, a liner plate and a protecting fence, the casing is used for realizing the supporting function, a shaft is arranged at the two sides of the casing, a light inlet hole is formed in the right lower part of the stove body, and the stove body is hinged to the arc-shaped rack through a bearing of the shaft.
The manual adjusting type photovoltaic solar heat collecting device has the advantages that the structure is reasonable and simple, the weight is light, the environment suitability is strong, and the problem of poor stability of the solar heat collecting device is effectively solved.
The utility model relates to a solar junction box, including box body, lid, a plurality of binding post and a plurality of diode, the box body bottom plate includes unsettled board and is used for the mounting panel that bonds with solar back plane, and unsettled board is connected with the mounting panel and is formed step - like structure, 
has arranged a plurality of bottoms fin on the outer face of unsettled board, and each diode is all installed in the box body inner chamber that unsettled board inclined, and each binding post all installs in the box body inner chamber that the mounting panel inclined.
Still provide a solar module who adopts above -mentioned solar junction box in addition.
Install to the solar back plane on through the mounting panel, and leave the interval between unsettled board meeting and the solar back plane, can increase the heat radiating area of box body.
especially, arrange a plurality of bottoms fin on the outer face of unsettled board, can improve the box body radiating efficiency of unsettled board side to can distribute away the heat around the diode safety in utilization and the life -span of guaranteeing solar junction box fast in pertinence ground.
The present invention provides a method for laminating a solar module, comprising disposing a solar module in a laminating machine and closing the laminating machine; making the upper and lower chambers of the laminating machine vacuum; pressurizing the upper chamber to laminate the solar module.
wherein pressurizing the upper chamber to laminate the solar module includes pressurizing the upper chamber a plurality of times, and maintaining the pressure for a certain period of time after pressurization each time.
The method, by achieving multiple pressurizations and maintaining the pressure fora certain period of time after each pressurization, avoids or reduces cracks and bubbles caused by the excessively fast pressure rise, thereby further avoiding or reducing risks of output power attenuation,
hot spot effect and accelerated aging, electric leakage of a power plant component caused by the cracks and bubbles of the components, and providing quality components and a good guarantee forthe power plant.
The utility model provides a solar road navigation indication device which comprises a solar battery panel, a solar controller, a storage battery, a lamp shell and a lamp. The solar battery panel, the solar controller, the storage battery and the lamp are mounted in the lamp shell.
The solar battery panel is connected to the solar controller, the solar controller is connected to the storage battery, and the lamp is connected with the storage battery.
Light-exposable parts such as the solar battery panel and the lamp and light-avoidable parts such as the storage battery can be separated in the lamp shell through a mounting plate, so that the storage battery is structurally protected from being irradiated directly by sunlight.
and heat radiation protection of the storage battery is benefited. Further, feet of passers-by can be protected from being scratched by the solar road navigation indication device mounted on the ground by the aid of a lamp cover with edges rounded.
The utility model discloses a three-in-one type solar cell assembly. 
The three-in-one type solar cell assembly is characterized in that the three-in-one type solar cell assembly comprises a first set of solar cell sheets, a second set of solar cell sheets, a third set of solar cell sheets and a lamination element, 
wherein the first set of solar cell sheets are monocrystalline silicon solar cell sheets, the second set of solar cell sheets are polycrystalline silicon solar cell sheets, the third set of solar cell sheets are amorphous silicon solar cell sheets, the first set of solar cell sheets are provided with a first output port.
the second set of solar cell sheets are provided with a second output port, and the third set of solar cell sheets are provided with a third output port.
According to the utility model, advantages of simple structure and easy installation are realized, by arranging three sets of solar cell sheets in the solar cell assembly
the application of the solar cell assembly in different strong light conditions and weak light conditions can be satisfied, and the photoelectric conversion efficiency of the solar cell assembly is ensured.
The invention discloses a clustered solar generator, which comprises a generating set and a plurality of solar energy towers. Each solar energy tower can collect and store energy, and can produce steam.  
The steam which is generated by the plurality of solar energy towers is converged to steam transmission collecting pipes outside of the solar energy towers through steam transmission pipelines, and is transmitted to the generating set. 
The overall system adopts intelligent control, and a plurality of steam transmission collecting pipes of are radially arranged, the plurality of solar energy towers surround the generating set, and steam transmission collecting pipes are arranged nearby the plurality of solar energy towers. 
The present invention has the advantages of low manufacture cost, long service life, high efficiency of solar energy usage, environment-friendly, and changing surrounding environment effectively, and providing wide space for the application of solar energy photo-thermal power generating.
A solar cell module includes serially connected solar cells (200).
A solar cell (200) includes a carrier (107) that is attached to the backside of the solar cell (200).
Solar cells (200) are attached to a top cover (301), and vias are formed through the carriers (107) of the solar cells (200).
A solar cell (200) is electrically connected to an adjacent solar cell (200) in the solar cell module with metal connections (304) in the vias.
The utility model discloses a high boost circuit, a solar inverter and a solar cell system. The high boost circuit comprises a direct-current input voltage; 
a converter unit, which is connected with the direct-current input voltage and is used to output a direct-current output voltage; and a transformer unit, which is connected between a primary side and a secondary side of the converter unit in a matched manner. 
The transformer unit is used to separate the primary side and the secondary side of the converter unit and/or to perform boosting of an output voltage of the secondary side of the converter unit on the basis of an input voltage of the primary side of the converter unit.
The high boost circuit, the solar inverter and the solar cell system of the utility model can overcome the defects of high cost, large extra loss, low energy conversion efficiency, poor environmental friendliness and the like in the prior art, 
and have the advantages of low cost, low extra loss, high energy conversion efficiency, good environmental friendliness and the like.
The invention discloses a solar collection system. The solar collection system may collect energy from the sun to generate electricity for distribution on an electrical grid.
In addition to generatingelectricity, a solar collection system may include support devices such as motors, controllers, sensors, and other support devices to perform various tasks to allow the solar collection system to more effectively generate electricity.
When the solar collection system is generating sufficient power, the support devices may be powered by the solar collection system.
However, when the solar collection system is not generating sufficient power, the support devices may be powered by a backfeed power supply circuit coupled to the electrical grid.
The utility model discloses a straight-through type solar collector tube, belonging to the solar field; the straight-through type solar collector tube comprises an outer glass tube, an inner metal tube, an end cover, a bellow, a Kovar alloy ring, a shading ring and a getter device; 
one end of the bellow is connected with the inner metal tube through the end cover; the other end of the bellow is connected with the Kovar alloy ring through a connecting piece; the shading ring and the getter device are fixed on the connecting piece; 
an outer surface of the inner metal tube is plated with a sun selective absorbing coating; a vacuum annular space is formed between the outer glass tube and the inner metal tube; the inner metal tube is a bimetal composite tube; the outer glass tube is made of neutral borosilicate glass; the outer glass tube and the Kovar alloy ring are directly molten together.
According to the utility model, temperature gradient and thermal stress of axial and circumference walls of the inner metal tube are significantly improved, difficulty for sealing and manufacturing is reduced, reliability of the collector tube is increased, and service life of the collector tube is prolonged.
According to various aspects, exemplary embodiments are disclosed of solar thermal collectors, solar heating systems, and thin plate heat exchangers and absorbers.
The thin plate heat exchangers and absorbers may be used for solar applications and/or non-solar applications.
In an exemplary embodiment, a photovoltaic thermal collector generally includes a photovoltaic panel, a first layer, and a second layer.
The first layer is configured such that thermal energy is transferable from the photovoltaic panel to the first layer.
The second layer includes edges sealed to edges of the first layer.
A permeable core is disposed between the first and second layers.
In operation, a heat transfer fluid may flow through the permeable core, whereby thermal energy is transferable from the first layer to the heat transfer fluid.
This gives rise, in metal crystals of the metal heatgenerating body, to a channeling phenomenon whereby the ion beam is guided into an atomic nucleus of an interstitial atom, and a phenomenon whereby the probability of intra-metallic fusion as explained by a binary core model increases.
As a result, gentle nuclear fusion in which gamma rays and neutron rays are not generated occurs, and it is possible to convert nuclear energy efficiently into heat by means of an intra-metallic fusion chain reaction.
The invention belongs to the field of nuclear fusion energy application, and discloses an antifoaming gradient porous structure in a plasma-facing material.
According to the variation of the porosity, on a thickness direction, the tungsten-based plasma-facing material with the gradient porous structure is composed of three layers of components, which are a surface porous layer, a gradient transition layer, and a substrate.
The porosity of the gradient transition layer is gradually reduced from the porosity at the place of the surface porous layer along a depth direction, such that a gradient change is formed.
Finally, the porosity of the gradient transition layer is the same with that of the substrate. According to the invention, with the pores communicating with the surface, hydrogen andhelium entering the plasma-facing material are delivered back to the surface, such that the formation of inner foam in the plasma-facing material is avoided, and a phenomenon of foaming is eliminated.
Disclosed herein is a method for foming a cold plasma of bosons with mass which when impinged by a strong pulse of bosons of high energy has an enhanced decay/fusion rate.
Water is filled into 1/3-2/3 of underground solution cave, and light type nuclear fusion body is put into the cave.
Igniting the nuclear fusion body make water reach water vapour state in high temperature and high pressure 300-400 deg.C and 30-40Mpa, which drives rotation of turbo generator to generate electricity.
With power being done, exhaust steam is condensed in condensator. Then, igniting the nuclear fusion body is carried out in another solution cave.
Alternant igniting nuclear fusion bodies in two solution caves realizes cycling generating electricity.
The method uses not exhausted very clean energy source of burning deuterium so as to have value for commerce development.
The invention belongs to communication methods and particularly relates to a synchronous communication method of heterogeneous platforms for high-precision real-time control.
The method includes the steps:1, clients transmit data; 2, the clients receive the data; the two steps are parallel.
The method has the advantages that the control of multiple clients by servers among the heterogeneous platforms can be achieved; 
the servers need to synchronize each client requiring transmission or receiving of data during transmitting and receiving of the data, and the data can be synchronously transmitted to or received from the multiple clients; 
presently, synchronous control of seven clients by one server is achieved, but theoretically, synchronous control of infinite clients by one server can be achieved.
The invention discloses a man-made geothermal field-nuclear fusion energy utilization technology which is a nuclear energy technology, belongs to the energy field and is used for solving the complex problems of civil thermonuclear fusion through a simple method.
According to the essence of the technology, matured technologies such as uncontrollable nuclear fusion technologies, underground nuclear test technologies and geothermal power generation and heating technologies are linked to form the new technology for nuclear energy utilization.
The processes for nuclear fusion of deuterium and tritium into helium are transferred to be conducted in underground water bodies.
Thus, according to the fusion energy technology, the produced fusion energy is converted into high-temperature steam through the underground water bodies to form a man-made thermal gas field to be drawn out of the ground surface to be used for power generation and heating.
If the technology can be implemented successfully, energy crises can be solved thoroughly.
It is universally known that hydrogen energy is the cleanest energy source, the main energy source stored in the natural world and a sustainable, high-efficiency, environmentally-friendly and regenerative novel energy source. 
Heavy deuterium and deuterium are hydrogen isotopes storing the most hydrogen energy. 
The energy released from the polymerization reaction of four hydrogen atoms is equal to that released from the oxidation reaction of 300 liters of gasoline. 
The simple method generates energy by polymerizing heavy hydrogen atoms at a high temperature and under a high pressure.
The invention belongs to the field of resistance test technology of ceramic insulation coatings, and specifically relates to an insulation resistance test device of the ceramic coating under a high pressure state.
The device provided by the invention comprises an insulation pedestal, a coating surface resistance shielding device, a pressure transmission device, conductive electrodes and an insulation resistance test system. 
A specimen with the upper surface of the device coated by the ceramic coating is disposed above the insulation pedestal; the coating surface resistance shielding device covers on the specimen;
the pressure transmission device is contacted with the coating surface resistance shielding device and is used for applying pressure to the ceramic coating; 
two conductive electrodes pass through the coating surface resistance shielding device and are disposed above the coating surface; and the conductive electrodes are accessed into the insulation resistance test system.
The device provided by the invention can accurately reflect the resistance size of the ceramic insulation coating under a specific pressure state, and can reflect relationships of the resistance size and the load, thereby preventing influences of the applied high pressure to the ceramic coating electrical insulation performance.
The invention discloses a method for acquiring and converting energy for catalyzing nuclear fusion at normal temperature. 
The method is implemented according to the following steps: 1. injecting a hydrogen plasma into a magnetic confinement device of a nuclear reactor part and injecting an additional electron or proton as a catalyst so that the electron is combined with a hydrogen nucleus to generate an intermediate reactant neutron; 
combining the neutron and the hydrogen nucleus to generate a deuterium nucleus and obtaining nuclear fusion energy; 
2. converting the nuclear fusion energy obtained in the step 1 into gas heat energy by a heat exchanger; inputting the energy carried gas into a gas compressor and then generating a high-temperature and high-pressure gas; 
charging the high-temperature and high-pressure gas into a steam generator and then generating high-temperature and high-pressure steam and a low-temperature and high-pressure gas; 
respectively transmitting the steam and the gas to a steam power turbine and a gas power turbine; and leading the steam power turbine and the gas power turbine to generate mechanical energy needed for driving the gas compressor and a driven machine.
The method and the device can provide a heat source approximate to infinite quantity and realize the zero discharge of waste heat.
The invention belongs to the technical field of a material mechanical property test and relates to a liquid helium temperature zone material three-point bending multi-sample continuous testing device.
The device comprises a three-point bending testing clamp, an electro-hydraulic servo fatigue testing machine, a rigid support, a multi-sample automatic sample-replacement mechanism, a computer control system, a low temperature Dewar flask and liquid injection and output pipes.
The liquid helium temperature zone material three-point bending multi-sample continuous testing device solves the technical problem that the existing liquid helium temperature zone material three-point bending continuous testing device can only test a single sample by a loading process and consume a large amount of liquid helium.
Through cooperation of the multi-sample automatic sample-replacement mechanism and the computer control system, the device provided by the invention realizes automatic replacement of multiple samples at a low temperature.
can continuously test multiple samples by a loading process, can carry out a continuous three-point bending data test, has high use efficiency, saves a liquid helium use amount, can greatly reduce a test cost.
can operate stably and accurately, and has a high intelligentization degree and a reliable structure.
Disclosed is a power plant for producing controllable nuclear fusion energy, which mainly adopts hydrogen isotopic deuterium and deuterium as fuel.
The device adopts the ion implantation, laser and neutron for ignition.
The high pressure deuterium gas and deuterium gas enter a vacuum chamber after the ionization by a plasma nozzle and are converged into a fusion nuclear reaction zone of a fusion reactor after the acceleration, and a high power laser module and a strong neutron source assembly which encircle an ion implanter heat and pressurize the ion for realizing the ignition and maintaining the combustion.
The fusion reactor is a container having three layers of spherical shells, the inner shell adopts a compound graphite layer to absorb light and thermal radiation and reflect neutron, and the outer layers of the graphite layer are a sodium metal heat carrier container and a thermal insulation water hull formed by a heat resisting steel mantle and a shell.
The liquid sodium metal used as a heat carrier is input into a heat exchanger to produce superheating steam for driving a generating set of a steam turbine to generate electricity.
The power plant is used for providing low-cost energy sources.
The invention discloses a method for suppressing the foaming of a tungsten-based plasma facing material by use of columnar crystal, belonging to the field of nuclear fusion energy application.
The method is to prepare a columnar crystal structure on the surface of the tungsten-based plasma facing material, wherein the columnar crystal is strip grain, and the long axis is distributed according to the preferred orientation vertical to the surface.
The method disclosed by the invention makes full use of the structure of columnar crystal vertical to the surface so that hydrogen and helium can be quickly dispersed along the crystal interface vertical to the surface and return to the plasma, which is a new application of the columnar crystal tungsten material in resisting radiation foaming.
A system for generating electricity from fluid currents having one or more trolleys that move along a closed-loop track as a result of the action of fluid currents on one or more blades attached to each trolley.
Spacing between trolleys is preferably maintained by a spacing ring to which the trolleys are attached. Optionally, one or more blades made be attached to the spacing ring.
The trolleys are supported and guided either by wheels or magnetic levitation.
Electrical energy is preferably created by the movement of magnets in an electrical ring attached to the trolleys with respect to a conductor connected to the track.
The invention belongs to the technical field of ocean energy, and particularly relates to a vertical shaft heavy hammer rotary wave energy power generator。 
which solves the problems of the existing wave energy power generating device of reliability reduction, insufficient great wave resistance capability, aquatic biological blockage and the like caused by factors in multiple aspects such as direct action with sea water, limited mechanical stroke or complicated mechanical structure.
The vertical shaft heavy hammer rotary wave energy power generator has the technical scheme that the vertical shaft heavy hammer rotary wave energy power generator comprises a floating body (1), a power generator (2), an eccentric heavy hammer (3), an auxiliary shaft (4) and an auxiliary eccentric heavy hammer (5)
wherein the power generator (2) is axially and vertically arranged on the floating body (1), the eccentric heavy hammer (3) is fixedly arranged on a shaft of the power generator (2)
a space crossed auxiliary shaft (4) which is not positioned in the same plane as a shaft of the power generator is horizontally arranged on the eccentric heavy hammer (3), and an auxiliary eccentric heavy hammer (5) capable of rotating is arranged on the auxiliary shaft (4).
The utility model belongs to the field of ocean energy resource utilization, and relates to an ocean current energy and wave energy combined power generating device.
The ocean current energy and wave energy combined power generating device mainly comprises an oscillating float-type wave energy power generating mechanism and a movable vane-type ocean current energy power generating mechanism, and is characterized in that ocean current energy and wave energy can be collected simultaneously.
The oscillating float-type wave energy power generating mechanism mainly comprises an oscillating float, a movable connecting rod and a hinge
when waves move vertically, a coil in the oscillating float vibrates vertically and generates relative displacement with a magnet to cut magnetic induction lines to generate electric energy.
The movable vane-type ocean current energy power generating mechanism mainly comprises movable vanes, a limiting chuck and a central rotating shaft.
Under the water flow impact in any direction, the rotating angles of the movable vanes on the two sides are different because of the effect of the limiting chuck , and the central rotating shaft can rotate towards the same direction by force difference generated by the different rotating angles,
so that a change gear set in a floating body is driven to drive a power generator to generate power; therefore, the ocean current energy is converted into electric energy.
The invention discloses a float type dielectric elastomer wave energy power generator.
According to the power generator, a waterproof outer shell surrounds a metal inner shell, a multi-layer stackingtype dielectric elastomer converting device is installed on the inner side of the metal inner shell, 
a small spring is located between the multi-layer stacking type dielectric elastomer converting device and a disc and fixed to the inner side of the metal inner shell, 
an insulating rod penetrates through the waterproof outer shell and extends into the metal inner shell and penetrates through the multi-layer stacking type dielectric elastomer converting device to be connected with the disc, a float is installed on the top of the insulating rod, 
one end of a large spring is connected with the bottom of the disc, and the other end of the large spring is connected with the bottom of the inner side of the waterproof outer shell.
The float fluctuates up and down along with waves, the insulatingrod moves up and down along with the float to drive the multi-layer stacking type dielectric elastomer converting device to stretch or contract up and down to generate direct current
the direct current is charged into a storage battery, and ocean power generation is achieved by utilizing a dielectric elastomer.
The invention discloses a sea wind, sea current and sea wave power generating device. The sea wind and the sea current are used for generating electricity according to the theory that: by use of the continuous movement of air flow and sea current, the direction and the speed of fluid are changed by a turbine generating stator so that the fluid impacts a turbine rotor to drive a power generator to convert kinetic energy into electric energy.
The sea wave is used for generating electricity according to the theory that: under the action of lift force on buoys generated by waves before gravity acceleration, the hitting force generated in the descending process of the gravity centre of a gravity ball is absorbed by a gravity acceleration absorber, 
and then a high-pressure water flow is formed by using a memory spring to pull a plunger water pump and the sea wave acts for two times; 
finally the high-pressure water flow is transmitted to the shore to drive the power generator for generating electricity via a gearwheel water pump.
A method and an apparatus for desalinating sea water and generating with the sea energy resource. 
The method comprises: firstly collecting the sea surging energy by an energy collecting device, pressurizing the sea water with the collected energy by a sea water booster pump, producing the fresh water by inputting the sea water high pressure pipe to the sea water desalinating system; 
guiding the tail water with the high pressure after sea water desalination to a hydraulic generator for generating.
The invention discloses an offshore floating house or factory or work place or public place. The offshore floating house or factory or work place or public place is a multi functional floating building. 
According to the floating building, the walls, the bottom plane and the top plane of a stand-column beam platform formed by reinforced concrete in a poured mode are connected, fixed, sealed and formed into the ship-similar building. 
According to functional facilities, the shape, the size, the weight, the displacement and the floor number of the building are designed, and the steel amount, the thickness and the strength of the reinforced concrete are determined; doors and windows are designed at the portion one or more meters higher than the waterline;
load bearing stand columns are built on the outer sides of the stand columns on the periphery of the building, the lower ends of the load bearing stand columns are firmly fixed to a seabed rock stratum, and one or more vertical-shaft wind driven generators are arranged at the upper ends of the load bearing stand columns; 
racks are longitudinally and fixedly embedded into the inner sides of the load bearing stand columns and engaged with electric generator gears fixed to the outer sides of the corresponding stand columns of the floating building, and the racks are forced to be engaged with the electric generator gears to rotate along with floating of tide so as to drive the generators to generate electricity;
solar electric generation boards or electric generation films are installed at the top of the building to generate electricity;
lever-type and floating-type wave-activated generators are installed in the regions, soaked in seawater, of the periphery of the building for electric generation; 
ocean-current electric generators are installed at the bottom of the building for electric generation.
The invention discloses movable water pumping equipment for ocean energy power generation engineering. 
The movable water pumping equipment for ocean energy power generation engineering comprises a seafloor foundation, a seafloor connecting piece, a lower floating box, more than two vertical supporting columns, a fixed cylinder assembly, an upper telescopic cylinder assembly and a lower telescopiccylinder assembly.
wherein the lower telescopic cylinder assembly comprises a lower telescopic cylinder body and a water-gas separated submersible box body which moves vertically along the vertical supporting columns.
the water-gas separated type submersible box body is positioned below the lower telescopic cylinder body and is driven by compressed gas provided by an arranged ocean energy compressed gas preparation device to ascend and descend.
and when the lower telescopic cylinder assembly ascends, seawater is conveyed above the sea water level through the fixed cylinder assembly.
The movable water pumping equipment for the ocean power generation engineering can improve the efficiency of conveying seawater above the sea water level.
has great significance in improving the efficiency of conveying seawater above the sea water level due to high implementation, transportation and installation costs at sea, and provides a feasible scheme for reducing the cost for the ocean power generation engineering.
The utility model discloses a movable unloading device comprising a first unloading board, a second unloading board, an unloading board top point, an unloading board supporting point, retaining boards, chutes, hairbrush mats, a lifting rod, a support, a lifting rod driving device, an idler wheel, an idler wheel driving device, a track and a belt.
wherein the first unloading board and the second unloading board are connected and are in an arc shape.
the vertical line from the unloading board top point to the belt is greater than the distance between the vertical point of the vertical line and the unloading board supporting point.
the included angle alpha between the unloading board top point and the belt ranges from 90 degrees to 160 degrees.
one side of each unloading board is provided with one retaining board; each retaining board and the lower portion of the corresponding unloading board form one chute.
the bottoms of the first unloading board and the second unloading board are provided with the hairbrush mats; the support is provided with the lifting rod connected with an unloader.
the support is provided with the lifting rod driving device, the idler wheel and the idler wheel driving device; the track is arranged below the idler wheel.
The movable unloading device achieves multi-point unloading and is convenient to use, materials are prevented from passing through due to the arrangement of the hairbrush mats, and the belt is protected.
The invention discloses self-energy-supplying mariculture equipment. 
The self-energy-supplying mariculture equipment comprises piles, a culture managing platform, an ocean energy using platform, winches, mooring ropes, an electric lifting rod, a high-pressure water gun, culture net cages, guiding rings, T-type bases, sharp bases, a high-pressure water pump and a water wheel generator,
wherein theculture managing platform, the ocean energy using platform and the culture net cages are sequentially installed on the piles through the guiding rings from top to bottom, the winches are installed onthe ocean energy using platform, and are connected with the culture net cages through the mooring ropes, the electric lifting rod.
the high-pressure water pump and the water wheel generator are installed at the bottom half part of the ocean energy using platform, and the high-pressure water gun is installed on the electric lifting rod; 
the piles are cylindrical, and the high-pressure water gun isconnected with the high-pressure water pump through a high-pressure hose; 
the six piles are arranged, the T-type bases are installed at the bottoms of the piles on the two edges, and the sharp bases are installed in the middles. 
The self-energy-supplying mariculture equipment has the advantages that automatic generating can be carried out through tidal ranges respectively, the cost is saved, the self-energy-supplying mariculture equipment can lift and is automatically cleaned at the same time, and the culturing survival rate is greatly increased.
The utility model belongs to ocean engineering or exploitation of marine energy field, especially a marine semi -submerged body electricity generation formula wave absorption wall, including wind power generation set, pilot lamp, flotation tank, flotation tank obturator, wave -power generation device, mooring system, drainage assembly, cable and battery.
The contained angle that its characterized in that, flotation tank met between sea slope and the horizontal plane is between 30~35, and its principle is that the wave climbs at the domatic water that gushes, turns into the potential energy with the wave energy,
turns into the electric energy with the potential energy through wave -power generation device, realizes the energy conversion when playing good wave absorption effect, and wind power generation set also produces the electric energy in addition, finally stores in the battery through the cable, and simultaneously, the signal lamp has indicates and early warning function.
The wave absorption flotation tank is whole to be floated in the surface of water to use mooring system to be fixed in the seabed.
The utility model discloses easily installation and removing had not only alleviateed the wave calamity but also the make full use of wave energy, had wide market prospect.
The utility model relates to a wave electricity generating device, which is characterized in that a plurality of trapezoid river diversion open channels which are mutually connected are built by the sea, 
and each river diversion open channel is connected with a hydroelectric generating set by a water diversion pipe; the hydroelectric generating set is arranged in a factory building by the sea, and a bridge is built outside the factory building.
The utility model uses ocean energy resources which are inexhaustible in supply and use, and accords with the energy policy that the energy resource construction of China coordinately develops conventional energy sources, 
new energy resources, and renewable energy resources; the utility model relates to a green energy resource which is very worth popularizing, and has very important social benefits and economic benefits.
The invention relates to the technical field of nano-generators, and discloses a friction nano-generator which is applicable to collecting ocean energy. The friction nano-generator comprises a housingwith a closed structure to form a friction space inside and a rolling body located in the friction space, 
wherein the housing includes a packaging shell, an induction electrode group located at the inner side of the packaging shell and a friction layer located at the side, which is away from the packaging shell, of the induction electrode group, 
the induction electrode group includes a first induction electrode and a second induction electrode which are distributed along the inner side surface of the packaging shell and insulated from each other; and both the rolling body and the friction layer are made of a silica gel material, and the rolling body can have moderate flexibility, 
so that the surface contact between the rolling body and the friction layer is enabled to be good, and the rolling of the rolling body is also easy to realize at the same time. 
The friction nano-generator is particularly applicable to collecting the mechanical energy of low-frequency motion. In addition, theadopted silica gel material enables the impact resistance of the friction nano-generator to be significantly enhanced.
The invention relates to a marine dragging type ocean energy acquisition and power generation device which comprises a load bearing base, a hoisting mechanism, pulling steel cables, a flow guiding pipe, a drive turbine, a power generator, flow sensors, an angle sensor and a control circuit. 
The load bearing base comprises a load bearing keel, a load bearing cavity and a working table; the workingtable is connected with the hoisting mechanism; the hoisting mechanism is connected with the flow guiding pipe through the pulling steel cables; the drive turbine and the power generator are embeddedinto the flow guiding pipe;
at least two flow guiding wings are arranged on the outer side surface of the flow guiding pipes; the flow sensors are located on the front end surface and the rear end surface of the flow guiding pipe; and the angle sensor is arranged on a rotary table mechanism position.
According to the marine dragging type ocean energy acquisition and power generation device provided by the invention, on one hand, the device effectively meets the requirement on matching with various types of ships to run, 
and on the other hand, during a ship running process, a water flow produced when a ship runs and a water flow produced by a water body are utilized for generating power, and the produced electric energy is fed back to the ship, so that the aim of reducing the running energyconsumption of the ship is achieved.
The utility model relates to a renewable energy integration complementary power generation device of a distributed power supply, and provides a multi-energy integration complementary power generation system device which comprises water, wind, light and other renewable energy, 
and is characterized in that: water energy serves as a main body; the unique valley wind of a hydropower station is fully utilized; and solar energy, biomass energy and other renewable energy which can be concentrated relatively are locally utilized and are collected around the hydropower station,
a low-voltage alternating current bus [W1] of the hydropower station serves as an access point for grid connection, and the multi-energy integration complementary power generation system device which takes hydropower as a center, is based on water-wind complementation, 
and comprises water, wind, light, biomass energy and the like is formed. According to the device, the hydropower station [G1] serves as the main body, electricity which is generated by all sub generation systems, i.e.
[G2], [G3], [G4] and [G5] is connected to the [W1] one by one for grid connection after full-power conversion, and the multi-type renewable energy integration complementary distributed power supply which can not only be connected into a power grid to supply power but also work independently through the original switch device of the hydropower station and a power grid line is formed.
The utility model provides an oscillating float type ocean-energy wave power generation simulation system which comprises a hydraulic pump station, a throttle valve, a first reversing valve, a driving hydraulic cylinder, a driven hydraulic cylinder, an energy accumulator,
a second reversing valve, a flow sensor, a pressure sensor, a gear pump generator and a PLC (Programmable Logic Controller), wherein the hydraulic pump station is connected to the throttle valve, the first reversing valve and the driving hydraulic cylinder through a pipeline in sequence; 
stretchable rods of the driving hydraulic cylinder and the driven hydraulic cylinder are fixed together; the driven hydraulic cylinder and the gear pump generator are connected to one end of the second reversing valve through a pipeline; and the other end of the second reversing valve is connected with the energy accumulator through a pipeline.
The oscillating float type ocean-energy wave power generation simulation system disclosed by the utility model is capable of effectively simulating the working process of an oscillating float type wave power generation system in waves, 
therefore, users can complete related simulation experiments in laboratories; insecurity of sea tests is reduced; simultaneously, factors possibly influencing the power generation efficiency of the oscillating float type wave power generation system and solutions can be well found.
The invention discloses a double-spiral rotor type marine energy conversion system which comprises an outer shell, direction pieces, a spiral rotor, a permanent magnet, a coil and a rotating shaft. 
The direction pieces are of annular piece-shaped structures and comprise an upper direction piece and a lower direction piece, the upper direction piece is arranged on the top of the spiral rotor, the lower direction piece is arranged on the tail of the spiral rotor, the spiral rotor is provided with spiral channels, 
the permanent magnet is of a cylindrical structure, a through hole is formed in the middle of the permanent magnet, the coil matched with the permanent magnet is arranged on the outer diameter of the permanent magnet,
the coil is of a cylindrical structure, a through hole is formed in the circle center of the coil, and the rotating shaft upwards penetrates through the whole outer shell from the tail end of the outer shell in the longitudinal direction.
The double-spiral rotor type marine energy conversion system is reasonable in structure design, cost is lowered, energy consumption and emission pollution do not exist, and requirements for electric quantity supply and energy conversation and emission reduction are met.
The invention discloses a comprehensive utilizing system for ocean energy. The system comprises a supporting plate, a fixing base and a water storage tank. A guiding plate is rotationally connected between the front face and the back face of the bottom of the surface of the fixing base through a fixing block,
hydraulic stretchable rods are fixedly connected to the front face and the back face of the top of the supporting plate and located inside the fixing base respectively, a rotating block is rotationally connected to one end of an output shaft of each hydraulic stretchable rod, 
a through groove matched with the rotating block is formed in the surface of the fixing base, and the invention relates to the technical field of ocean energy utilization.
According to the comprehensive utilizingsystem for ocean energy, the guiding plate is rotationally connected between the front face and the back face of the bottom of the surface of the fixing base through the fixing block, the angle of the guiding plate can be adjusted, 
waves are guided and gathered into the water storage tank conveniently, upward power can be given to the waves through a rotating plate, in the wave gathering process,the influences caused by wind speed, wind direction, flow rate and the like on waves can be lowered, and the wave energy loss is lowered.
The invention provides a renewable energy conversion and conveying system and a method.
The system comprises a renewable energy conversion subsystem, a hydrocarbon reforming subsystem and a pipe subsystem, wherein the renewable energy conversion subsystem is used to convert renewable energy into heat energy;
the hydrocarbon reforming subsystem is used to carry out reforming reaction on hydrocarbon and convert the heat energy converted through the renewable energy conversion subsystem into chemical energy; and the pipe subsystem is used to convey the reaction products generated by the hydrocarbon reforming subsystem.
The method comprises: converting renewable energy into the heat energy; carrying out reforming reaction on hydrocarbon by means of the heat energy; and conveying the reaction products of the reforming reaction trough a pipe.
The system and the method can make use of abundant renewable energy to convert the renewable energy into chemical energy through hydrocarbon reforming and fix renewable energy in the form of the chemical energy; moreover, the chemical energy can be conveyed through the pipe, thereby realizing efficient conversion and economical conveying of the renewable energy.
The invention provides a transmission and integration system and a control method thereof. The transmission and integration system comprises a regulable integration and transmission mechanism, a fluctuation-type energy input end, a shunting-type energy output end and a torque control end.
The control method comprises the following steps: the torque control end is connected to the regulable integration and transmission mechanism, and is controlled by the regulable integration and transmission mechanism; energy is input to the fluctuation-type energy input end by a fluctuation-type energy source or a variable-speed power source; 
an energy buffering instruction or an energy shunting instruction is generated by the torque control end according to the energy input from the fluctuation-type energy source or the variable-speed power source to the fluctuation-type energy input end, so that the regulable integration and transmission mechanism operates in an energy buffering state or an energy shunting/buffering state; 
the energy input from the fluctuation-type energy input end is regulated by the regulable integration and transmission mechanism according to the energy buffering state or the energy shunting/buffering state of the regulable integration and transmission mechanism, and is output to the shunting-type energy output end.
Through the adoption of the transmission and integration system disclosed by the invention, the energy conversion efficiency and the energy utilization efficiency are improved.
The utility model provides an emergent hammer with hydroelectrical cell is stained with to metal, include display lamp portion and with the hammer block subassembly that display lamp portion connects.Wherein, display lamp portion includes the lamp shade, set up in the hydroelectrical cell is stained with with the metal to display lamp in the lamp shade,
and the lid is located a tail -hood of theopen end of lamp shade, and set up a seal membrane of the water filling port department of hydroelectrical cell is stained with to the metal, the hammer block subassembly includes gluey of hammer assembly and hammer block, the hammer block glue with the lamp shade is connected.
The invention discloses a distributed power generation system. The distributed power generation system comprises at least one distributed power generation device, an inverter, a data acquisition unit and an upper computer, 
wherein the at least one distributed power generation device is used for converting absorbed energy to electric energy and outputting the electric energy as direct current, 
the inverter is connected with the at least one distributed power generation device and is used for converting the direct current output from the at least one distributed power generation device to alternating current so as to be accessed to a grid,
the data acquisition unit is connected with the at least one distributed power generation device and is used for acquiring and uploading electric energy data, and the upper computer is used for receiving the electric energy data uploaded by the data acquisition unit.
Therefore, the effective monitoring of the distributed power generation system is achieved, and a worker can know the state of the distributed power generation system.
The invention discloses a novel totally-closed wave energy power generation device. An external structure of the device adopts a closed buoy floating on the sea surface, and a weight suspended by a spring system is arranged in the buoy.
When a floating body vibrates with sea wave up and down, the weight further vibrates under the pulling of the spring, so that the wave energy is converted into energy for weight movement, and the weight movement energy can be inverted into mechanical energy for stable rotating through a unidirectional stress gear and a volute spiral spring.
The weight provided by the invention is a combination body of necessary parts in the power generation device and comprises an energy receiving, caching and buffering system, a gear speed control system, an electric generator and the like.
According to the weight design with the structure, optimization of the internal structure of the ocean power generation device is facilitated, the inner space of the buoy is reasonably utilized, 
the overall weight of the generation device is reduced, the response sensitivity to waves is improved, therefore, the absorption and conversion efficiency of the power generation device for the wave energy can be improved remarkably, and the generation cost is reduced.
The invention relates to a structure of a dielectric elastomer power generator, in particular to a structural design of an inflatable dielectric elastomer power generator.
An air cylinder and a servo cylinder are horizontally arranged and fixed on a workbench, a piston rod of the air cylinder and a push rod of the servo cylinder are connected by a pin, centers of the piston rod and the push rod are enabled to be on a straight line,
an inflatable dielectric elastomer powder generator accommodating cavity is fixedly formed in the workbench by a base, and gas in the air cylinder enters the inflatable dielectric elastomer powder generator accommodating cavity to form a closed air path passage.
The expansion and the contraction of the inflatable dielectric elastomer powder generator accommodating cavity are achieved by controlling a servo motor to positively or reversely rotate, so that the capacitance of the dielectric elastomer powder generator changes, and power is generated.
The mechanism has the advantages of a simple structure, low cost and the like, and is convenient to install and easy to maintain.
The dielectric elastomer power generator can efficiently work within a very wide frequency range and is wide in application scenes in future.
The invention discloses an ocean energy power-generation device. By combining a water flow power-generation device with a suspended power-generation device, the ocean energy utilization rate is increased, the power-generation efficiency is improved, 
the direction of the water flow power-generation device is controlled through an empennage arranged at the tail of a turbine generator, and thus the water flow utilization rate of the water flow power-generation device is increased; the ocean energy power-generation device is coated with coating, thus the service life of the ocean energy power-generation device is prolonged, 
the effect of the coating is embodied in that vinyltriethoxysilane and pelargonic acid vanillylamide can be contained in a base body through methyl methacrylate, the methylmethacrylate is slowly hydrolyzed in seawater to release the pelargonic acid vanillylamide, 
while the vinyltriethoxysilane generates a hydrophilic group, and thus antifouling property is further achieved; and insoluble polymer with a three-way net structure can be formed by diphenol propane type epoxy resin and trimethyl hexamethylene diamine,
an interpenetrating network structure can be formed in the polymer with the three-way net structure by diphenol propane type epoxy resin and acrylic resin to achieve the anti-corrosion effect.
The invention belongs to the technical field of ocean energy generate electricity, and relates to an ocean energy collection and electricity generation method and an ocean energy generating set.
The ocean energy generating set is characterized in that a guiding shaft and a universal device fixed in seafloor are connected through the ocean energy generating set, the guiding shaft is respectively provided with a guiding shaft expansion piece, 
an energy storage amplifier, a floating valve utilized as a collection transducer and a floating valve limiting stopper, and the guiding shaft passes through the centers of the devices; and a floating valve utilized as an energy collector floats on the sea and does reciprocating motion up and down under the action of ocean wave,
tide and the energy storage amplifier, the collection transducer is used for collecting ocean tidal power and wave energy, the electricity is directly generated, or a water turbine and a steam turbine are used for driving an engine to generate electricity, finally the ocean energy is converted into electrical energy.
The generating set provided by the invention has the advantages that the device energy collection transformation rate is high, the installing environmental condition requirements are low, the adaptability to operation climatic condition is strong, the influences of the oceanic tide high low and wave amplitude size are small, and the operational ocean environment sea condition range is wide.
The invention discloses a new-energy sea surface wave power generation device. A floating type wave power generation mechanism is arranged on a fixing frame; the wave power generation mechanism comprises a power generation water barrel, 
the power generation water barrel is transversely arranged, a vertical barrel body is fixedly arranged in the middle of the upper side of the power generation water barrel, a floating bowl is fixedly arranged on the top of the vertical barrel body, a cross beam is arranged on the top of the fixing frame, and the floating bowl is fixed to the outer end of the cross beam through a locking chain; 
and a transverse rotation shaft is arranged in the power generation water barrel, two fixing brackets are arranged at the front end of the interior of the power generation water barrel side by side, the transverse rotation shaft is installed on fixing bearings arranged in the middles of the two fixing brackets in a sleeved mode, 
and spiral wheel blades are arranged at the front end of the transverse rotation shaft. According to the new-energy sea surface wave power generation device, structural configuration is ingenious, and the layout is reasonable; 
floatingtype wave power generation is achieved, and ocean energy resources are effectively utilized; and in addition, power generation instability caused by reverse flowing of water flow can be avoided.
The utility model provides a blocking type vertical ocean energy power generation device. The blocking type vertical ocean energy power generation device comprises a frame, a buoy platform, at least three water turbines, at least three power generation modules and two blocking modules.
The buoy platform is arranged on one side of the frame and is parallel to the flow direction.
The at least three water turbines are arranged in the frame in a parallel mode, and the axial direction of the water turbines is perpendicular to the horizontal plane.
The at least three power generation modules are mechanically connected with the three water turbines respectively, one side of the buoy platform, which is opposite to the water turbines, is provided with the power generation modules, and the water turbines rotate to drive the power generation modules to generate power when the water flows to the water turbines.
The two blocking modules are respectively arranged on the other opposite sides of the frame and are respectively arranged on the upstream and the downstream of the frame along the flow direction.
The blocking type vertical ocean energy power generation device can effectively utilize ocean energy for power generation.
The device is simple and easy to maintain and can be effectively put into mass production.
By arranging the blocking modules, ocean floating debris and fish can be blocked from entering the device effectively, the failure rate of the device can be reduced, and the service life of the device can be prolonged.
The invention provides a concentric-square-shaped lever type wave power generation device, and belongs to the field of ocean power generation.
The device is characterized in that wave energy on the ocean surface is collected through mechanical means, such as a floating box, a concentric-square-shaped lever and a crankshaft, and then the wave energy is transmitted to a turntable to drive a power generator set to generate power.
The device is simple in technological structure. The floating box of the whole technological structure is arranged on the ocean surface, and other parts are arranged above the ocean area or on shore, so that the damage of ocean wind, high salt, high humidity and other severe environments to the device can be reduced.
The wave energy can be stably utilized through the concentric-square-shaped lever and two hard spring sections of the lever, so that the pulling damage risk of the heavy wave in the ocean can be effectively reduced.
The device can automatically run after being mounted, so that people for operating and controlling is saved, and as a result, the human resource cost can be saved.
The whole structure of the device is of a mechanical form, so that the device is free of any other outer force or energy and cannot discharge any sewage and wastes, and as a result, the energy can be saved, the environment can be protected, and the device is durable.
The present invention belongs to power supplier utilizing wave energy as resource.
It is composed of a hull, a power generating set installed on the bottom of the hull.
The power generating set comprises: an impetus body, a main shaft, a weight, a monodirectional wheel. a speed transformer, and a generator.
Waves sway the hull, thus sway the impetus body, twist the shaft, lift the weight, turn the monodirectional wheel and drive the generator to produce electricity.
The utility model provides a pair of ocean energy power -generating plant, including air chamber, two wind energy conversion systems, generator and stands, be provided with the gear on the air chamber, with first, two air cavitys of atmosphere intercommunication and be used for feeding through the inlet outlet of ocean and air chamber, 
the generator includes power input shaft, in first, two air cavitys are advanced along the axial extension respectively in power input shaft's both ends to respectively with first, two air cavitys in the power take off end transmission coordination of wind energy conversion system,
the rack that is provided with with gear engagement is fixed to the stand on seabed and stand, the gear passes through clutch transmission coordination power input shaft, air chamber slidable sets up and goes up and down on the stand and along with the morning and evening tides.
The utility model provides an ocean energy power -generating plant is convenient for maintain, utilizes the electricity generation of wave and morning and evening tides phenomenon simultaneously to improving the generating efficiency, 
reduce the cost of electricity -generating, reducing the waste of electricity generation resource, the air chamber fluctuates when preventing that the wave is too big, influences the generating efficiency.
The invention discloses a method and device for comprehensively utilizing ocean energy and wind energy for compressing air in a centralized mode to generate power. 
The method comprises the steps that a power device for comprehensively capturing wave energy, tidal energy and the wind energy and a power device for independently utilizing the wind energy are arranged,
the two power devices are used for compressing the air, the compressed air is conveyed into an air centralized compressing chamber (bag), then air compressed in the chamber (bag) is guided out, a pneumatic turbine is impacted to rotate to drive a generator to generate power.
Preferably, the method further comprises the steps that a method and device for compressing air to generate power by independently utilizing the captured wave energy,
tidal energy and wind energy to form the complementary power devices in the centralized power generation method and device and a method and device for compressing air to generate power through the power device for independently utilizing the wind energy are arranged.
The method and device have the advantages that compared with the prior art, the ocean energy is utilized more fully, power is generated more stably and can be freely connected into an existing power grid, the low structure and high efficiency are achieved, the generating capacity is large, cost is quite low, and running, maintenance and management are easy, convenient and centralized.
The invention relates to a floating pipe ocean power generation device which comprises a floating pipe main body, a floating body type wave energy collecting device, a sea wind energy collecting device and a power generation device, wherein the floating pipe main body floats on the sea surface, is in a hollow tube shape, is closed and has an integral structure.
The fluid motion energy collected by all the energy collecting devices can be synchronously coupled for centralized power generation.
All steel parts are arranged above the water, thus being beneficial to rust protection; and the commercialized application which is safe, long in service life, large in scale, convenient to maintain and low in cost can be expected to be realized.
A floating type floating pipe can be arranged in a very deep sea area, so that the available area of the sea area can be greatly increased, and the sea area with higher ocean energy density can be obtained.
The embodiment of the invention discloses an ocean energy generation device and system, and belongs to the technical field of ocean energy.
The problem that energy conversion rate of existing ocean energy generation is too low is solved.
The ocean energy generation system comprises a fixed platform and ark platforms. The multiple ark platforms are composed of triangular arc structures which cannot be deformed permanently in an equiform mode. The arc platforms are fixedly arranged on three to four-point N arrow fishing jet boats, do not float along with stormy waves, and can shuttle, break waves, sail at a high speed and extract energy.
The fixed platform is provided with a rudder table, a generator set and the like, and N dial wheel shafts and water impeller shafts which can be extended, lifted, started and stopped flexibly are vertically arranged under the platform. 
Piston type surfing boats are arranged between the dial wheel shafts and the water wheel shafts, and double high-pressure cylinders are arranged on and under the boats; 
or the boats are connected with pneumatic telescopic double-connecting-rod dial wheel arm dial wheel shafts, universal joints connect N sets of upper shafts and lower shafts to inverted stand columns in the front of the platform and the shafts are connected to the generator set. 
The ocean energy generation system further comprises a high pressure gas and high water pressure engine device. The hundreds of disordered wave throwing piston surfing boats are integrated, and N times of force is increased to be used as rotating power and high-pressure aerodynamic force; high-pressure gas and water is used as the energy of a four-stroke engine.
The arks are suitable for ocean environments, achieve high ocean speeds, and can collect various ocean green energy resources in a round trip mode.
The utility model provides an ocean power generation device with become angle drive mechanism, including generator, an at least transmission shaft, at least one horizontal axis hydraulic turbine and at least one change angle drive mechanism.
When the ocean power generation device generated electricity, the generator was located more than the horizontal plane.
The axis direction perpendicular to horizontal plane of generator, transmission shaft is connected to the one end of transmission shaft.
The axis direction of the horizontal axis hydraulic turbine is on a parallel with the horizontal plane.
Becoming angle drive mechanism and connecting the horizontal axis hydraulic turbine and transmission shaft, the kinetic energy that produces the horizontal axis hydraulic turbine transmits for the transmission shaft.
The utility model provides an ocean power generation device with become angle drive mechanism is through setting up the transmission shaft and becoming angle drive mechanism to can rise to traditional horizontal axis hydraulic generator's the electrical components such as motor section and other acceleration rate casees that send out more than the horizontal plane in water.
Consequently follow -up power generation facility's maintenance goes on on the horizontal plane, greatly reduced cost of maintenance.
The invention provides an ocean energy converting device. The ocean energy converting device comprises a cabin which is of a hollow sealing structure and is capable of floating on the sea surface.
A main shaft is horizontally arranged in the cabin and provided with a balance weight mechanism. The balance weight mechanism is provided with a generating unit. The ocean energy converting device is further provided with a transmission mechanism. 
The transmission mechanism comprises an engined gear fixed to the cabin, and a driven gear meshed with the engined gear and connected with the generating unit. The outside of the cabin is connected with an anchorage device through an anchor chain, and the anchorage device is used for fixing the cabin to the sea area.
The ocean energy converting device is small in input cost, high in generating efficiency, simple in structure, high in reliability performance, convenient to install, high in single-machine power, capable of being installed on a large scale to generate power and the like.
The ocean energy converting device can be rapidly used in production development and popularization.
The utility model relates to ocean kinetic energy power generation equipment and a wave power generation mechanism thereof. The ocean kinetic energy power generation equipment comprises a generator, awave power generation mechanism, 
a wind power generation mechanism arranged above the wave power generation mechanism and an ocean current power generation mechanism arranged below the wave power generation mechanism. The wave power generation mechanism comprises a main body, a floating body and a whole-direction speed change mechanism used for connecting the main body and the floating body. 
An input shaft of the steering speed change mechanism is connected with the floating body, the body is used for being connected with the seabed through a fixing anchor, an input shaft of the generator isconnected with a power generation equipment spindle penetrating through the body, 
and an output shaft of the steering speed change mechanism, a rotating shaft of the wind power generation mechanism and a rotating shaft of the ocean current power generation mechanism are in transmission connection with the power generation equipment spindle.
Compared with the prior art, on the basis of not wastingtidal energy and wave energy, the main shaft of the power generation equipment drives the generator input shaft to rotate unidirectionally, equipment cost is saved, the comprehensive utilization rateof ocean energy is high, and the power generation effect is remarkable.
The invention provides a floating type bulwark and sea energy device integration system. The floating type bulwark and sea energy device integration system comprises a bulwark, a floater, a water turbine and an anchoring system; 
the upper part of the wave receiving side of the bulwark is provided with a wave energy driven power generation system; the floater is connected with the wave energy driven power generation system through a transmission rod; 
the lower part of the bulwark is further provided with an ocean current power generation system; the water turbine is connected with the ocean current power generation system through a supporting arm;
the anchoring system comprises an anchor chain and an anchor which is connected with the anchor chain; the anchor chain is fixed to the two sidesof the bulwark in a splayed shape; and the anchor is fixed to the seabed.
The floating type bulwark and sea energy device integration system provided by the invention can realize integrated application of various ocean energy equipment and frequently-used traditional marine structures, 
realizes function diversification of the marine structures, can also realize the aim of cost share and space share of various equipment, and promotes engineering application of the ocean energy equipment.
The invention relates to electric generator structural design, in particular to tidal energy electric generator structural design utilizing a multilayer lap piling type-dielectric elastomer.
An electric generator is composed of a flow guide cap, an impeller, a base, the multilayer lap piling type-dielectric elastomer, an ejector pin, a bearing, a plane cam, a lower box boxy, a center shaft and a key;
the two ends of the multilayer lap piling type-dielectric elastomer are connected with the base and the ejector pin, the plane cam is connected with the center shaft through the key, the impeller is connected with the shaft, through the mechanism, rotation motion of the impeller can be converted into the linear motion of the ejector pin, 
and therefore extrusion and loosening of the multilayer lap piling type-dielectric elastomer are achieved; the extrusion and loosening process can achieve conversion of mechanical energy and electric energy, and therefore electric generation is achieved; 
an upper box body and a lower box body of the electric generator are the same in internal mechanism, sliding of the ejector pin is ensured, and the electric generator has the beneficial effects of being simple in structure, convenient to mount, easy to maintain, low in cost and the like; 
the dielectric elastomer electric generator can efficiently work within the quite-wide frequency range, and the structural design is quite suitable for being applied to tidal energy electric generation.
The invention discloses energy-saving base construction suitable for a polar region. The energy-saving base construction is characterized in that a detachable heat preservation structure is arranged outside a base; working media are arranged in the heat preservation structure; 
an indoor heat exchanger and an outdoor heat exchanger are arranged inside and outside the base correspondingly; an underground heat exchanger is arranged below a frozen soil layer inside the base; and low-temperature freeze-proof liquid is arranged in a pipeline of the underground heat exchanger.
The local ocean energy source and the local geothermal energy source are fully utilized in multiple ways for heating and power generating, the dependence degree of production and living in the polar region on external energy sources is reduced, local environment pollution is reduced,
and efforts are contributed to scientific investigation of the polar region and global sustainable development; and meanwhile, the local energy sources are fully utilized, personnel safety and safe operation of production on the base can be guaranteed when the external energy sources or a conveying way has a fault.
The invention relates to an efficient ocean energy collecting device which comprises a positioning base, a guide rod, a floater, a linear power generator, a rolling power generator, photovoltaic powergeneration plates, thermoelectric power generation devices, a piston mechanism, a storage battery pack and a control circuit. 
The piston mechanism is arranged on the upper end face of the positioningbase, the storage battery pack and the control circuit are embedded into the positioning base, the piston mechanism comprises a bearing cavity, a piston body and a driving rod, the driving rod is hinged to the guide rod, 
the guide rod is hinged to the floater, the rolling power generator is located in the floater, the photovoltaic power generation plates are embedded on the upper surface and theside surfaces of the floater, and the thermoelectric power generation devices are embedded on the lower surface of the floater.
By means of the efficient ocean energy collecting device, on one hand, the efficient ocean energy collecting device can be effectively suitable for ocean energy collecting operation needs under multiple depth and sea wave conditions;
and on the other hand, the energy conversion rate is high, the needs of solar power generation, thermoelectric power generation and wave power generation operation can be met at the same time, the power generation operation efficiency andthe ocean energy resource overall development using rate are greatly improved.
The utility model provides a novel single ratchet float -type ocean power generation device, includes the float, the connecting rod, and the frame, the ratchet, the volute spring, first pawl, extension spring, the guide rail, 
the second pawl, generator and transmission system constitute, transmission system includes first speed -up gears, first transmission shaft, second speed -up gears, secondarydrive axle, third speed -up gears and fourth speed -up gears.
The float receives buoyancy to drive the connecting rod upward movement, and extension spring at the tensioning state, makes the second pawl drive ratchet anticlockwise rotation all the time, 
and the volute spring filled and to drive first acceleration rate gear revolve through first transmission shaft this moment, and first speed -upgears drives third acceleration rate gear revolve, 
and the third speed -up gears passes through the secondary drive axle and drives second acceleration rate gear revolve, thereby the second speed -upgears drives the drive of fourth acceleration rate gear revolve, and the generator rotates, realizes the electricity generation.
When the float downstream, first pawl drives ratchet anticlockwise rotation, and other kind of drive are the same during all with the float upward movement.
The invention discloses a marine energy resource generation monitoring device. The marine energy resource generation monitoring device comprises a generator and electricity processing module and a detection module, 
wherein the generator and electricity processing module comprises a direct drive type sea wave generator, an electricity output end of the direct drive type sea wave generator is connected to an input end of a rectifier, an output end of the rectifier is divided to two paths,
one path is connected to a charger through a relay I, the charger is connected to a storage battery through a relay 2, the storage battery is connected to an inverter/converter through a relay 3, and the other path is connected to a discharging resistor through a relay 4. 
The detection module comprises a voltage current signal sampling unit, a fault analysis processing module, a wave recording storage unit and a relay set control unit, and the electricity needed by the detection module is provided by the direct drive type sea wave generator.
According to the marine energy resource generation monitoring device, when small faults occur, a wave recoding and feedback alarming method is adopted, and when large faults occur, a direct cutting-off loop, wave recording and alarming method is adopted, so that a control operator can judge the faults and deals with the faults according to the wave shapes of points of a system.
The invention provides a tidal current energy unsteady state pressurization sea water desalination and generating set and belongs to the field of ocean energy resource development and sea water desalination.
According to the sea water desalination and generating set, a seawater booster pump is driven by a water turbine. The seawater booster pump supplies seawater after pretreatment to a sea water desalination device provided with an unsteady state antiosmosis film and a flow cell, 
pressure seawater seeps through the antiosmosis film for seawater desalination, and then strong brine enters into the flow cell to generate electricity.
The sea water desalination and generating set achieves irregular change of sea water in a high-pressure range by adopting the water turbine to carry out direct pressurization through unstable pressurization operation, and therefore turbulence is formed in an uneven film surface, 
concentration polarization is obviously reduced, consequently antiosmosis pressure is greatly reduced, and seawater desalination efficiency is improved. 
The concise and effective circulation mode, namely tidal energy-mechanical energy-pressure energy, is adopted, the strong brine with a certain pressure drives the pump to rotate in the flow cell, the pressure energy is converted into electricity energy to be stored, and therefore efficient and full use of the tidal energy is achieved.
Disclosed is an ocean energy power generating device. The device is a mechanical transmission device, belongs to the mechanical engineering field and is a mechanical device which uses the ocean energy movement to drive a mechanism and generate electricity.
The device comprises a buoyancy tank, a connecting rod and a marine pile, wherein the buoyancy tank is composed of a cross shaft, a large gear and a generator.
The buoyancy tank moves up and down, the angle between the connecting rod and the marine pile changes back and forth continuously, the generated huge unidirectional torsion force acts upon the cross shaft, 
then the large gear which is connected with the cross shaft supplies motive power to the generator inside the buoyancy tank, the large gear also serves as an inertia wheel, and the generator is driven by the large gear to generate electricity.
The device is simple in structure, easy to install inner mechanisms, low in cost and high in generating efficiency, is the high-efficiency and stable ocean energy power generating device and is mainly used for large-scale ocean power generation.
A connecting ring can be directly connected with a ship body when the buoyancy tank is small, and simultaneously, the buoyancy tank can supply power for the ship.
The invention belongs to the technical field of ocean wave energy collection, and particularly relates to a flexible piezoelectric device generating power by utilizing ocean energy. The flexible piezoelectric device comprises an air bag and a piezoelectric power generation device, 
wherein the piezoelectric power generation device comprises a cylindrical shell body, flexible piezoelectric plates and weight blocks; a sealed space is formed between the upper surface of the shell body and the air bag the lower surface of the shell body is connected with a mooring device at the water bottom; 
one end of each flexible piezoelectric plate is connected with the inner side of the upper surface of the shell body, and the other end is connected with the corresponding weight block; and a group of the flexible piezoelectric plates comprises at least one flexible piezoelectric plate, 
the flexible piezoelectric plates in the same group are evenly arranged in the radial direction of the upper surface of the shell body, and the flexible piezoelectric plates in different groups are evenly and circumferentially arranged around the circle center of the upper surface of the shell body.
The flexible piezoelectric device is simple in structure and high in practicability, can recover ocean wave energy efficiently, satisfy the electricity utilization demands of majority small electronic equipment, and has a positive effect on saving resources and protecting environment.
The invention provides a galloping power generation device. The galloping power generation device comprises a vibrator mechanism, an electromagnet sensing mechanism and a separating disc mechanism; the vibrator mechanism realizes galloping through fluid, 
the vibrator mechanism generates magnetic line cutting movement relative to the electromagnet sensing mechanism during galloping, and the electromagnet sensing mechanism generates electric currents; and the vibrator mechanism and the separating disc mechanism are arranged in the flowing direction of the fluid in sequence.
According to the galloping power generation device, a rigid separating disc which is fixed in a relative-vibration is additionally arranged behind a cylinder to trigger galloping, 
substantial increasing of a vibration amplitude value of the cylinder under the flowing speed that the ocean can achieve is realized, and the hydrodynamic force energy which can be extracted is substantially increased to efficiently use thehydrodynamic force.
The utility model relates to a wind power and water power integration generating station, comprising a structure base reservoir with a certain height and area, 
a power source space is built above the wind power and water power integration generating station which is provided with a wind driven power machine that is connected with and drives a water transporting machine which is corresponding to and matches the wind driven power machine to run and transport water into the reservoir;
an overhead water transporting slot communicated with the reservoir and an overhead reservoir to supply water, and the overhead reservoir transports water via a water pump arranged in sea water; an underground machinery room provided with a water turbine electric generator group, 
and water power is provided to run and generate electricity by a drainage duct which is communicated with the reservoir; and an underground water storing storehouse storing back water and transporting back water in the reservoir via a water transporting machine in a back water deep water pool.
The generating station can solves the electricity generating problem that the wind power discontinuously generates the electricity and can provide continuously stable high-quality electrical power.
The utility model discloses a buoy type dielectric elastomer wave energy generator, which comprises a waterproof outer shell surrounding a metal inner shell; the multi-layer stacked type-dielectric elastomer conversion device is mounted on the inner side of the metal inner shell;
the small spring is positioned between the multi-layer stacked dielectric elastomer conversion device and the disc andis fixed on the inner side of the metal inner shell; the insulating rod penetrates through the waterproof outer shell, extends into the metal inner shell and penetrates through the multi-layer stackedtype-dielectric elastomer conversion device to be connected with the disc; 
wherein a buoy is mounted at the top of the insulating rod; and the other end of the large spring is connected with the bottom of the inner side of the waterproof shell.
The buoy fluctuates up and down along with waves, the insulating rod moves up and down along with the buoy to drive the multi-layer stacked type-dielectric elastomer conversion device to stretch or contract up and down to generate direct current, the direct current is charged into the storage battery, and ocean energy power generation is achieved through the dielectric elastomer.
The invention discloses an anti-blocking material guide device for multiple discharging rollers. The anti-blocking material guide device comprises a dust cover, spray nozzles, a buffer curtain, a first dust curtain, pull rods, pull rod drive devices, a trough body, movable baffles, a sealing gasket, a second dust curtain, the discharging rollers and a belt. 
The dust cover is arranged on the upper portion of the trough body, the spray nozzles and the buffer curtain are arranged on the upper portion in the dust cover, the dust cover is provided with the first dust curtain, the trough body is of the shape of a funnel with the wide upper portion and the narrow lower portion, 
wear-resisting materials are arranged on the surface of the inner side of the trough body, the movable baffles and the second dust curtain are arranged at the bottom of the trough body, the pull rods are arranged on the movable baffles, 
the pull rod drive devices are arranged on the pull rods, the pull rods ascend and descend through the pull rod drive devices, and therefore the movable baffles are driven to be opened and closed.
The anti-blocking material guide device is used for preventing blocking caused by too much discharged materials when the discharging rollers carry out discharging simultaneously, 
and meanwhile material falling positions can be centralized conveniently. In addition, the funnel-shaped structure can buffer the impact of the materials conveniently, the buffer curtain buffers splashed fluid sludge, and the spray nozzles spray mist to prevent dust.
A wave energy power generation robot device easily achieving multiple array manners comprises an energy capturing device, an energy transmission device and an energy output device.
The energy capturing device comprises a plurality of sealing units; six parallel-connection hydraulic branched chains connected with the interior of each sealing unit, a disc part and a pendulum bob are arranged in each sealing unit; 
and according to the wave energy power generation robot device, a combined manner and the multiple array manners are achieved, and the aims that the corrosion resistance is achieved, wave energy in multiple directions can be absorbed, the wave energy utilization rate is improved, and the ocean energy power generation efficiency is improved are achieved.
The invention relates to a power generating platform unit plant for coaxially collecting sea wind, sea wave and sea current energy, which comprises an integral cuboidal multilayer frame, devices on the integral cuboidal multilayer frame, a stabilizing balance device, 
a structural resistance device for typhoon and billow prevention and rotation elimination, an impeller assembly for coaxially collecting sea wind, sea wave and sea current energy, a sea wave energy auxiliary collecting device, a man-made sea wind generating device and a power generating device.
The power generating platform unit plant can intercept and collect sea energies in a large sea area by using a collecting device which occupies a very small area of the sea area. Moreover, the collected energies are concentrated on one shaft to generate powder stably and continuously.
A plurality of unit plants can be connected together to form marine roads and railways. Thereby, power can be generated and vehicles can run on the power generating platform unit plants.
The invention belongs to development technical field of ocean energy in renewable energy sources, and relates to an ultra-low rotating speed weak tidal current energy efficient power generation apparatus.
A generator rotor is equipped with a weight-balancing part and a one-way transmission mechanism; the mechanical energy output by a main shaft is converted into gravitational potential energy for the weigh-balancing part of the generator rotor; 
the generator rotor and the weigh-balancing part rapidly fall off rotatably in a manner similar to free falling body; and when the speed achieves the highest level, pulse type power generation is realized through coils.
The ultra-low rotating speed tidal current energy pulse generator is applicable to ultra-low rotating speed weak tidal current at the speed of 0.3m/s or below, which is high in power generation efficiency, long in power generation time, wide in applicable range, and suitable for 85% of sea areas of China; 
and meanwhile, the ultra-low rotating speed tidal current energy pulse generator is simple in structure, high in mechanical strength, reliable in performance, light in weight, easy to install, 
wide in applicable area, capable of manufacturing different specifications according to different power requirements, low in cost, long in service life, small in size, and resistant to sea water corrosion.
The utility model discloses a comprehensive device of sea water desalination and strong brine utilization. The comprehensive device of sea water desalination and strong brine utilization comprises a renewable energy power generation device, a control device, a sea water desalination device and a strong brine utilization device, 
wherein the renewable energy power generation device provides power for the control device, the sea water desalination device and the strong brine utilization device, the control device controls the operation of power supply of the renewable energy power generation device, 
the sea water desalination device and the strong brine utilization device, and a strong brine output device of the sea water desalination device is connected with the strong brine utilization device.
The comprehensive device of sea water desalination and strong brine utilization achieves the comprehensive utilization of strong brine while obtaining a large amount of freshwater, the whole desalination system achieves zero emission of brine, 
secondary pollution caused by the strong brine is effectively avoided, and high economical benefits are achieved through comprehensive utilization of the strong brine. 
Renewable energy serves as the energy source, utilization of non-renewable energy such as coal and petroleum as the energy source is effectively avoided, and resource utilization, energy conservation and emission reduction are achieved to the maximum extent.
The utility model provides a water flow adjusting device and an ocean power generation device with the water flow adjusting device applied.
The water flow adjusting device comprises a frame and at least one water guiding plate.
The water guiding plate is arranged on the frame to adjust the flow direction of water flow, and an inclined included angle larger than 0 degree is formed between the straight line where the water guiding plate is located and the water flow direction.
According to the water flow adjusting device and the ocean power generation device with the water flow adjusting device applied, due to the fact that the water flow is guided through the water guiding plate, 
the impact force on a water turbine from the water flow is increased, the rotation of the water turbine is accelerated, and the power generation efficiency of an electric generator is greatly improved.
The present invention includes novel apparatus and methods for recovering energy from water waves.
An embodiment of the present invention may include a buoy, a shaft, and an electric power generating device.
The shaft may be coupled to the buoy such that when the buoy moves vertically in response to a passing wave, the shaft rotates.
The shaft may be coupled to the electric power generating device such that when the shaft rotates, the generating device produces electric power.
Once electric power is generated, it may be delivered to shore, where it is stored, used to power a device, or delivered to a power distribution grid.
The invention provides a mounting system and a mounting method of an offshore wind turbine.
The mounting system comprises an ashore lifting unit, an offshore lifting unit and a suspending component, wherein before being put onto sea, the wind turbine is loaded by being wholly moved to a ready position by a crane jig; 
then, the wind turbine is lifted up by a second tower base of an offshore platform through a lifting apparatus, and the wind turbine is moved to a placing zone on the platform and located by the second tower base with the linear slip of a sliding table; when the platform navigatesto an installing fixed point on the sea, 
the wind turbine located in the placing zone is lifted up by the second tower base through the lifting apparatus, and the lifted wind turbine is moved out ofthe placing zone by the second tower base with the linear slip of the sliding table and mounted at the fixed point so as to finish the offshore installation of the wind turbine.
The utility model discloses an integrated power station at sea. A plurality of vertical pillars are perpendicularly fixed on the seabed; the vertical pillars form a large vertical cylindrical cage in a surrounding way at intervals; 
the top of the large cylindrical cage is provided with solar power generation devices which have a certain obliquity relative to the horizontal direction; a bed board is fixed with all the vertical pillars and is higher than the sea level; the upper plane of the bed board is provided with electricity generation control process equipment; 
a plurality of wind power generation devices are arranged among the vertical pillars below the bed board and above the sea level; sea wave and sea current power generation devices are arranged in seawater inside and outside the large cylindrical cage; 
the sea wave and sea current power generation devices are connected with each vertical pillar; seawater temperature difference energy power generation devices are arranged in seawater inside and outside the large cylindrical cage;
the seawater temperature difference energy power generation devices are arranged below the sea wave and sea current power generation devices and are connected with each vertical pillar; and all the power generation devices are connected with the electricity generation control process equipment.
The integrated power station at sea can comprehensively use sea energy, wind energy and solar energy to generate electricity, and has high efficiency and low cost.
This invention relates to a sea energy generator including an energy-storage device, a fluid motor and a generator characterizing in including a floatation acceptor, a balancer, a pull rod pump and a base, in which the floatation acceptor is connected with the balancer, which is hinged with the base connected to the acceptor, the pull rod pump is hinged between the balancer and the base.
This invented structure is simple and reasonable, in which a floatation acceptor receives energy and drives an engine to work, and the power can reach to MV and realizes zero discharge so as to convert magic energy of sea to clean electric power.
The invention relates to a maritime wind energy and tide energy comprehensive utilization power generation platform comprising a tide energy power generation device, a fixed pile, a wind power generation device and a wave energy power generation device which are arranged below a sea level. 
The tide energy power generation device comprises a vane wheel machine. The vane wheel machine comprises vane wheels rotating horizontally. A power transmission system is arranged in the fixed pile. The power transmission system is connected with the wind power generation device, the tide energy power generation device and the wave energy power generation device.
The wind power generation device, the tide energy power generation device and the wave energy power generation device are jointly arranged on the fixed pile of a fan, meanwhile, electric energy is transmitted through the power transmission system. The unit generation cost is effectively reduced, and energy transmission efficiency is improved. 
Especially, when an equipment failure occurs, the wind power generation device, the tide energy power generation device and the wave energy power generation device can mutually provide energy security , and the survival ability of the maritime energy equipment can be improved.
The invention provides an ocean power generation device comprising a frame, water turbines arranged in the frame in parallel, power generation modules and rolling door type load adjustment modules.
The frame comprises multiple vertically-arranged semi-submersible type suspended float bowls which are hollow cylinders and mutually connected and arranged in water, multiple steel stay cables used forconnecting the float bowls, multiple mooring anchor chains and multiple anchors, 
wherein the multiple mooring anchor chains and the multiple anchors are connected with the frame and arranged in waterto limit the position of the frame. Each rolling door type load adjustment module comprises a water guide unit and a driver.
The utility model discloses a high efficiency solar module, its inside perovskite solar cell layer and silicon solar cell layer of including, perovskite solar cell layer be located the top on silicon solar cell layer, perovskite solar cell layer in adopt the perovskite solar cell of transparent front electrode and reverse side electrode including one or polylith, 
the silicon solar cell layer in contain the silicon solar cell that one or polylith can openly receive optical power generation, perovskite solar cell layer in perovskite solar cell the total surface area with silicon solar cell's in the silicon solar cell layer total surface area equals.
It can effectively utilize light energy this solar module, not only can absorb and utilize the wavelength to be less than 800nm's light, can also the absorptive wavelength at 800~1200nm's light.
The utility model provides a film solar window and an automobile with the same.
The film solar window comprises a glass base plate, a transparent conductive oxide (TCO) layer, a film solar battery layer and a BCD layer which are sequentially laminated, in addition, the film solar window also comprises a protective layer which is glued on the BCD layer through a glue layer.
A skylight, lateral windows, rear windows and automobile lamp windows of the automobile with the film solar window are all film solar windows.
The film solar window and the automobile with the film solar window of the utility model save energy and have the environment protection effect, and can simultaneously meet the requirement of fast charging of an automobile storage battery.
The utility model discloses a two-channel silver wire printing type efficient electronic collecting solar monocrystalline silicon battery sheet, which comprises a solar monocrystalline silicon battery sheet body (1) and a grid line (2) 
and is characterized in that a pair of symmetrical hollow two-channel silver wires (3) is printed on the solar monocrystalline silicon battery sheet body (1) in silk printing mode.
The two-channel silver wire printing type efficient electronic collecting solar monocrystalline silicon battery sheet saves silver paste, reduces production cost, is stable in welding performance, and is remarkably improved in electrical performance.
The utility model discloses a solar imbricated cell assembly, which comprises at least two solar cell strips which are sequentially arranged in a stacked manner to form the solar imbricated cell assembly. Wherein the solar cell strip comprises a front electrode and a back electrode, 
and the front electrode comprises at least one front main grid and at least one front auxiliary grid; the back electrode comprises at least one back main grid; the front main grid and the back main grid are both provided with reserved edges. 
The width of the back main grid is greater than that of the front main grid; and the adjacent solar cell strips are connected through the front main grids and the back main grids to form the solar imbricated cell assembly.
According to the utility model, the overlapping width of the front electrode and the back electrode is adjustable, so that the length of the imbricated cell string is adjusted;
therefore, one cell pattern can be compatible with different overlapping widths, the application range of the solar imbricated cell is broadened, and the production process is simplified.
The invention relates to a groove notching and grid burying method for a crystalline silicon solar cell.
The method comprises the following steps of: depositing a mask layer on the surface of a silicon slice, and etching the mask layer at the corresponding electrode position; then notching a groove by a chemical corrosion method to form an electrode groove with a narrow upper part and a wide lower part; 
and performing screen printing on the electrode groove. The efficiency of the prepared solar cell is improved obviously. The preparation process is simple, resources are saved, and production cost is greatly reduced; 
damage to a silicon slice and the defect of the silicon slice are avoided by notching the groove by the method, the fragment percent is low, the grooves can be notched on a large scale and the method is suitable for industrial production.
The utility model discloses a complementary cold water control system of a solar water heater, which comprises a water supply solenoid valve drive module, a collector temperature detection module, 
a water tank water level detection module, a water tank temperature detection module, a first complementary cold water mode control module, a second complementary cold water mode control module and a complementary cold water mode management module.
The complementary cold water mode management module can control the first complementary cold water mode control module to work during light-sufficient daytime with relatively high upper limit value of the water level during the working; 
the complementary cold water mode management module can control the second complementary cold water mode control module to work during light-weak night with relatively lower upper limit value of the water level during the working; 
therefore, with the two complementary cold water control modules capable of being switched, the complementary cold water control system has the advantages of making full use of solar energy, enhancing the utilization rate of solar energy, increasing the heating speed, saving energy, etc.
A fastening structure for fastening a large solar module (12) to a substructure (14), with at least two holding profiles (26) which are fastenable on the rear side to one component of the solar module (12) and substructure (14), 
characterized by at least two receiving profiles (60) which are each fastenable to the other component of the solar module (12) and substructure (14) in a relative position to each other corresponding to the relative position of the holding profiles (26), 
wherein the holding profile (26) and the receiving profile (60) have a mutually complementary profile shape such that the holding profile (26) is receivable in the receiving profile (60) in a substantially form-fitting manner, 
wherein mutually corresponding engagement formations are provided on at least one intermeshing holding profile (26) and receiving profile (60); pair and are used to engage together the holding profile (26) and the receiving profile (60) in a locking manner.
The utility model relates to a solar cell string lays sucking disc, including atmospheric pressure pipe sections, vacuum generator, regulating plate and sucking disc, atmospheric pressure pipe sections sets up to cavity seal structure, 
and its both ends are equipped with the handle, atmospheric pressure pipe sections wherein one end installs the motor -operated switch, and the solenoid valve is connected to this motor -operated switch, atmospheric pressure pipe sections upper portion is equipped with vacuum generator, 
this vacuum generator with atmospheric pressure pipe sections intercommunication, and connect respectively the solenoid valve, atmospheric pressure pipe sections bottom is equipped with the spout, and evenly distributed has the slidable fastener in this spout,
the fastener is connected the regulating plate, the symmetrical regulation notch that is provided with about this regulating plate, the regulation notch is connected with adjusting screw, the adjusting screw bottom is connected with the sucking disc, and this sucking disc passes through intake -tube connection atmospheric pressure pipe sections.
The utility model discloses convenient operation, atmospheric pressure is stable, and it is easy that the battery cluster is absorb, does not cause battery cluster lobe of a leaf, can be applicable to multiple model battery piece.
The invention discloses a high-resistance mechanical load solar energy battery component, comprising a cover plate material, an EVA and/or POE, a battery string group, an EVA and/or POE and a back plate material; the battery string group is formed by connecting multiple battery strings, 
and the battery string is formed by linking multiple small battery pieces in series; the small battery pieces are formed by cutting p type or n type solar battery pieces; after cutting, several small battery pieces with consistent width are acquired; 
the length and width of every small battery piece are different, and every small battery piece comprises a long side and a short side; the length and width of the cover plate material are also different, and the cover plate material also comprises a long side and a short side.
The high-resistance mechanical load ability is greatly improved, power is also largely promoted, and the power generation cost is low.
The invention further discloses a manufacturing method of the high-resistance mechanical load solar energy battery component.
The utility model provides a be applied to solar facilities of bus, installs on the bus ceiling, and it includes an arched solar cell, be covered with one deck flexiplast layer in the subsides of solar cell surface, be equipped with the skeleton and form arched cavity framework bottom solar cell, 
cavity framework in placed the solar cell case, the skeleton is fixed on the bottom plate of below, the bottom plate is fixed on the ceiling of car by the steel shotcrete frame.
The utility model discloses not only can improve the bus and in hot summer because that the iron sheet generates heat and brings is sultry, for the passenger provides comfortable environment, can also utilize solar energy simultaneously, be favorable to using and promoting of new forms of energy.
The utility model has the characteristics of simple structure, with low costs, the quality is light, and the outward appearance is beautiful, and is quick detachable, and the technology step is simple etc.
The utility model discloses also can be widely used in the every field.
The utility model relates to a solar panel tile type connecting structure, which comprises sectional material connecting frames and solar panels, wherein solar panel connecting holes which tilt towards the same direction are arranged at the right and left sides of the sectional material connecting frames; 
the heads and the tails of the solar panel connecting holes are vertically and staggerly arranged to enable the whole sectional material connecting frames to be provided with solar panel connecting holes;
two sides where the solar panels are connected with the solar panel connecting holes are respectively provided with more than one waterproof groove; and the solar panels are connected with the solar panel connecting holes in a plugged way.
With the solar panel tile type connecting structure provided by the utility model, the solar panels can be quickly and conveniently connected and mounted,
the mounting efficiency is high, the use is convenient and the moving is facilitated; as the waterproof grooves are arranged at the edges of the solar panels, water is not likely to get into the solar panels; 
as the heads and the tails of the solar panel connecting holes are vertically and staggerly arranged to enable the sectional material connecting frames and solar panels to be connected into a vertical overlapping tilt type connecting structure, water is not likely to get into the solar panels and the safe use is ensured.
The invention relates to a solar cell, a solar cell string thereof and a component thereof, which belong to the field of photovoltaics or semiconductors. The high-efficiency solar cell comprises a silicon chip 1, a diffusion layer 2, an antireflecting film 3 and a fine grid 4, 
wherein the diffusion layer 2 covers the front side , lateral sides and part of back side of the silicon chip 1, the upper surface of the diffusion layer 2 positioned on the front side of the silicon chip 1 is also provided with the antireflecting film 3, the fine grid is distributed on the outside surfaces of the antireflecting film 3, 
the diffusion layer 2 positioned on one lateral side of the silicon chip 1 and the diffusion layer 2 positioned on the part of back side of the silicon chip 1; and in a cell string made of the cell, one end of the fine grid 4 of the cell is connected with the back side of the cell having the same structure with the fine grid 4 by using a bus bar 6 in a manner of welding. 
The cell is improved in conversion rate, and the manufacturing cost of a cell component is reduced. Meanwhile, when the cell structure provided by the invention is used, the process procedures for manufacturing the component are simple and convenient.
According to the solar intelligent water collecting and distributing device control circuit and the solar water collecting and distributing device, the circuit comprises a solar charging and voltage regulating module, an intelligent water collecting and distributing control module and an MCU microcontroller module, and all the modules are electrically connected.
The utility model provides a solar intelligent water collecting and distributing device control circuit and a solar water collecting and distributing device. The MCU microcontroller module enables the intelligent water collecting and distributing control module to control the solar water distributing and collecting device to collect air; 
the water vapor in the air is converted into condensed water in a condensation mode, the condensed water is filtered through the filtering assembly arranged on the device, 
the purified water is intelligently distributed and efficiently utilized according to different use requirements of users, and the problem that water resources in a specific area are limited in use or no clean water is available is effectively solved.
The whole device has the characteristics of real-time performance and intelligence in use, and has the advantages of energy conservation, environmental protection, convenience in operation and capability of realizing efficient utilization of a water source.
The invention relates to a solar automatic tracking device.
The solar automatic tracking device includes a solar tracking bridge frame, solar thermal collectors, a solar bridge frame rotating shaft; bridge frame wheels, motor and drive devices, thermal collector supports, and a bridge frame automatic tracking controller; 
the width of the solar automatic tracking bridge frame is 1.5-2 meters, the length of the solar automatic tracking bridge frame is 10-20 meters, and the width and the length are dependent on a place; a shaft sleeve in the center of the bridge frame is connected to the rotating shaft in the center of the bridge frame; 
four corners of the solar tracking bridge frame are each provided with one bridge wheel; one bridge wheels at two ends of the solar tracking bridge are each connected to one motor and one drive device, and the bridge wheels can be added in the center of the solar tracking bridge frame if necessary; 
a plurality of groups of foot stands of a solar receiver device support, are arranged in the front and the back of the solar tracking bridge frame, each group includes four foot stands, and each back support leg of the solar receiver support can be raised or lowered to seasonally track the elevation of sunlight.
The solar automatic tracking device can be applied to a solar photo-thermal application engineering and a solar optoelectronic application engineering.
A double-effect heat exchange solar vacuum collector tube is capable of increasing the heat collecting efficiency of a solar water heater. An inner tube of the double-effect heat exchange solar vacuum collector tube is extended out of (longer than) an outer tube by 60mm-150mm, 
the extended portion is used as a heat exchange wall, and the heat exchange speed of the vacuum tube and water in a heat insulation water tank is increased, so that the heat exchanger efficiency of the vacuum collector tube is increased.
The invention discloses a stretchy type solar photovoltaic assembly and a photovoltaic system.
The stretchy type solar photovoltaic assembly comprises a fixed support and a plurality of layers of solar cell panels, wherein the fixed support is fixed on a supporting face. The fixed support comprises track support bodies. 
Each track support body comprises a plurality of layers of tracks. The solar cell panels are installed on the tracks. At least one solar cell panel can be stretched out and drawn back in the stretching direction of the track where the solar cell panel is located.
The photovoltaic system comprises a carrier and the stretchy type solar photovoltaic assembly which is installed on the top face of the carrier.
According to the stretchy type solar photovoltaic assembly, when the solar cell panels are drawn back, the size of the stretchy type solar photovoltaic assembly is effectively controlled, and convenience is brought to carry; 
when the solar cell panels are stretched out, large-area solar cell panel installation is achieved in a limited supporting face area, the insolation area of the stretchy type solar photovoltaic assembly is effectively improved, and therefore the generated energy of the stretchy type solar photovoltaic assembly is improved.
The invention discloses a manufacturing method of a back contact solar battery assembly. The manufacturing method comprises the step of connecting back contact solar battery pieces with a conductive backplane and the step of laminating; a step of pre-laminating is added before the step of laminating; 
the joint parts of the battery pieces and the conductive backplane are pre-laminated, so that the battery pieces can be fixed and a conductive channel can be formed between the battery pieces and the conductive backplane; the pre-laminating refers to heating and/or pressing the joint parts of the battery pieces and the conductive backplane.
According to the method, the step of pre-laminating is applied before laminating; electrical conduction between the battery pieces and the conductive backplane can be completed by performing short-time heat treatment and/or pressing treatment, 
so that the battery piece and the conductive backplane can be electrified for EL testing to examine the working state of each battery piece; besides, the power loss from the battery to the assembly also can be reduced, 
and the disadvantage of failure in repair of the assembly in the conventional back contact assembly manufacturing process also can be effectively avoided; the method is well matched with a conventional production line and is an efficient technical scheme suitable for mass production.
The utility model discloses a high -power solar panel, the optical fiber protection device comprises a protection housing, a solar cell panel is installed to the top of protective housing, fourth solar cell panel is installed to the below of protective housing, 
the 2nd solar cell panel is installed in the left side of protective housing, a solar cell panel control button is installed to control panel's top, fourth solar cell panel start button is installed to control panel's below, a solar cell panel, the 2nd solar cell panel, the 3rd solar cell panel and fourth solar cell panel pass through electric connection pole electric connection.
The utility model discloses, solar cell panel among this high -power solar panel is provided with five altogether, and five solar cell panel can establish ties five solar cell panel together through the connection intelligent control valve control in the control panel to can increase power.
The utility model discloses an automatic sun tracking type solar streetlamp. The streetlamp comprises a lamp rod, a solar cell panel, a solar cell panel rotating device, a lamp arm and an IED lamp, wherein the solar cell panel is mounted on the solar cell panel rotating device; 
the solar cell panel rotating device comprises a base, a lower-layer platform, an upper-layer platform, a driving motor A, a driving motor B, a speed reducing device A, a speed reducing device B and a fixed framework; the solar streetlamp further comprises a charging control system;
the system comprises a charging controller, an analog signal rectification circuit, a control chip, a load control and monitoring circuit, and a power supply RESET and clock circuit.
With the adoption of the improvement, the streetlamp is provided with an automatic control sun tracking system; the whole structure design is very reasonable, the solar energy utilization efficiency is high and the operation cost is low; 
the automatic sun tracking type solar streetlamp can be widely applied to fields of modern villages, cities and the like.
A solar flat plate collector section bar frame comprises an upper beam, a side frame and a lower beam which forming the whole frame, wherein a glue applying groove is formed in the upper beam, the bottom face of the glue applying groove is a circular arc surface, and a rectangular corner connector is arranged at the lower portion of the side frame.
The solar flat plate collector section bar frame is simple in structure, convenient to manufacture, low in cost and good in effect, enables glass and a metal section bar to be isolated, prevents the glass and the metal section bar from being damaged due to friction, improves the sealing effect and the connecting strength of the section bar frame and prolongs the service life of the section bar.
The invention relates to a lighting device of a solar photovoltaic power generating system applied to a Buddha seated image, belonging to the technical field of new energy Buddhist supplies.
World Buddhist Forum shows traditional Buddhist culture such as green initiative and the like to people and shows Buddhist relics and Buddhist artworks.A clear new energy technology is suitable for application in preparation of the Buddhist supplies.
On sunny days, a light-sensitive automatic control switch cuts off a circuit inputting current to a lighting module and an LED, sunlight irradiates a solar battery arranged on the lighting module at the back of the outdoor Buddha seated image so as to generate current which is input to a lithium ion battery through leads and a controller for storage and standby; 
at night, the light-sensitive automatic control switch switches on a circuit inputting current to the lighting module and the LED and the direct current output from the lithium ion battery supplies power for the lighting module and the LED through the controller and the leads so that the lighting module forms a Buddha light ring and light is formed by the LED.
The invention discloses a high boost circuit, a solar inverter and a solar cell system. The high boost circuit comprises a direct current input voltage Vin, a converter unit and a transformer unit, wherein the converter unit is connected with the direct current input voltage Vin and is used for outputting a direct current output voltage V0; 
and the transformer unit is connected between the primary side and secondary side of the converter unit in a matched manner and is used for separating the primary side and secondary side of the converter unit and/or is used for performing boosting process on the output voltage of the secondary side of the converter unit on the basis of the input voltage of the primary side of the converter unit.
The high boost circuit, the solar inverter and the solar cell system can be used for overcoming the defects in the prior art of high cost, large extra loss, low energy conversion efficiency, poor environment friendliness and the like, and has the advantages of low cost, small extra loss, high energy conversion efficiency, good environmental friendliness and the like.
The invention belongs to the technical field of manufacturing a silicon solar battery, and particularly relates to a technology for improving the diffusion uniformity of the crystalline silicon solar battery.
In the invention, the square resistance uniformity of a solar battery emitter is improved by adopting the method of early oxidation and then diffusion. The working procedure comprises the preparation of an oxide layer, the preparation of an emitter, and the removal of phosphorosilicate glass.
By using the technology, the diffusion uniformity of the emitter is improved, the interstitial defect of the emitter is reduced, the utilization ratio of the shortwave section photon is improved, and the electrical property of the crystalline silicon solar battery is improved, and the crystalline silicon solar battery is prone to industrialized production.
The invention discloses a through-hole single-sided tiled solar cell module, comprising at least two solar cell sheets, wherein the solar cell sheets comprise a front electrode and a back electric field; the front electrode comprises a front main grid and a front sub-grid;
the front electrode comprises a front main grid and a front sub-grid. The solar cell sheet is provided with a through hole atthe position of at least one front main grid, the through hole separates the front main grid, and the solar cell sheet is provided with an isolation belt along the periphery of the through hole; 
The adjacent solar cell sheets are partially overlapped one by one to form surface contact; The adjacent solar cell sheets are connected through the front main grid, and then the through holes are poured with the main grid slurry, and the tiled cell string is formed by sintering.
Correspondingly, the invention also provides a preparation method of a through-hole single-sided tiled solar cell module.
Byadopting the invention, the structure is simple, the process flow is simplified, the process steps are reduced, the cost is reduced, the reliability of the battery module is high, and the photoelectric conversion efficiency is high.
The utility model relates to a heat collecting tube with a vacuum structure for a solar water heater.
The heat collecting tube comprises a glass outer tube, a metal inner tube, a pair of heat insulating pipe plugs, a water inlet joint sleeve and a water outlet joint sleeve, wherein a first through hole is formed above the glass outer tube; 
the water inlet joint sleeve is fixedly arranged in the first through hole; a second through hole is formed below the glass outer tube; the water outlet joint sleeve is fixedly arranged in the second through hole; 
a cavity is arranged in the glass outer tube; the metal inner tube is arranged in the cavity; the heat insulating pipe plugs are respectively arranged at the upper end and the lower end of the inner surface of the cavity.
The heat collecting tube with the vacuum structure for the solar water heater, provided by the utility model, has the advantages of reasonable structure, large heating area and high heat efficiency and is less influenced by a solar azimuth.
The utility model relates to the power generation technology and especially relates to a solar energy power generation system.
A structure of the system comprises a solar cell panel, a controller, an inverter and a storage battery. A positive voltage output plug is connected with a positive voltage input socket.
A negative voltage output plug is connected with a negative voltage input socket. A positive voltage plug is connected with a positive voltage socket. A negative voltage plug is connected with a negative voltage socket.
A direct-current positive output terminal is connected with a direct-current output positive terminal. A direct-current negative output terminal is connected with a direct-current output negative terminal. 
A direct-current output positive terminal is connected with a direct-current positive terminal voltage socket. A direct-current output negative terminal is connected with a direct-current negative terminal voltage socket. 
An alternating-current output positive terminal is connected with an alternating-current positive terminal voltage socket. An alternating-current output negative terminal is connected with an alternating-current negative terminal voltage socket. During usage, only the following steps are needed that: all the plugs are plugged with corresponding sockets;
an electric appliance is inserted into the direct-current socket or the alternating-current socket. The system possesses the following characteristics that: the structure is simple; installation is convenient; a service life is long and maintenance cost is low.
In addition, the power generation amount of the system can be flexibly regulated as needed, and the flexibility and the controllability are quite high.
The invention relates to a wind turbine (100), comprising a tower (102), an aerodynamic rotor (106), wherein the aerodynamic rotor (106) can be operated at a variable rotor speed (n) and has a plurality of rotor blades (108), 
each having an adjustable rotor blade angle ([alpha]), a generator (Gen) for generating an electrical output power, wherein an operating characteristic curve (200, 202, 204,300, 302, 304, 306) for operating the wind turbine (100) is specified, which indicates a relationship between the rotor rotational speed (n) and the output power (P). 
Furthermore, a controller is provided, which adjusts the output power (P) in accordance with the operating characteristic curve (200, 202, 204, 300, 302, 304, 306) as a function of the rotor speed (n), wherein as an operating characteristic curve (200, 202, 204, 300, 302, 304, 306), a tonality-reduced operating characteristic curve (202, 204, 302, 304, 306) can be selected, 
which is configured in such a way that an excitation ofa system resonance of the wind turbine (100) is reduced compared to a performance-optimal operating characteristic curve (200, 300), without excluding a rotational speed (2) exciting the system resonance.
The invention relates to a wind turbine comprising a nacelle (104) and a rotor having at least two rotor blades (108).
Each rotor blade (108) comprises a rotor blade root (108a), at least one metal conductor (220) for conducting a lightning strike, and a conductive ring (230) connected to said metal conductor and provided in the root region of the rotor blade.
In addition, a lightning protection unit (240) is fixed on the non-rotating part of the nacelle (104) in such a way that the lightning protection unit (240) is supported on the ring (230).
The lightning protection unit (240) comprises two rollers (241) and a lightning rod (242), a free end of said lightning rod (242) being at a distance from an outer end of the roller (241) and said distance defining a spark gap.
The invention discloses a wind energy driven ship which comprises a ship body and a rotation shell, wherein a wind energy power generation device is arranged on a base plate of a ship body; the wind energy power generation device is connected with a driving device inside the ship body; 
the wind energy can be converted into electric energy through the wind energy power generation device and is transmitted to the driving device so as to drive the ship body to sail; the wind energy power generation device comprises a wind ball and a power generator connected with the wind ball; a bearing is arranged in the center of the wind ball;
 a steel ring is arranged at the periphery of the bearing; a plurality of movable blades are arranged between the steel ring and the bearing; on end of each movable blade is hinged with the steel ring through a rotation pin; the rotation shell is capable of rotating around the bearing; a part of the movable blades are shielded by the rotation shell.
By adding the S-shaped rotation shell on the wind energy driving device, the wind energy conversion efficiency can be greatly improved; by adding vacuum steel tubes on two sides of the ship body, the balance of the ship body in sailing can be effectively ensured; 
meanwhile, by arranging a rotating wheel between the air blades and the deck of the ship body, a function of protecting the wind blades and the ship body is also well achieved.
The present invention relates to a method for the determination of a strain of a wind energy plant (30), with the following steps: presetting an assignment code, which assigns a characteristic value (K) for the strain of the wind energy plant to each pair of variates of a value for a wind velocity and a value for an acceleration of a component of the wind energy plant, determining a value (v'), 
which represents a measured wind velocity v, determining a value (a'), which represents a measured acceleration a of a component of the wind energy plant, applying the assignment code to the pair, of variates of the value (v') for the measured wind velocity v and the value (a') for the measured acceleration a in order to determine the characteristic value (K) for the strain.
The utility model belongs to the technical field of the new forms of energy power supply, a can provide multiple forms of energy to complement each other electricity generation tourist ship in wind power generation system is related to.
This tourist ship includes along visit cabin, cockpit and the piggyback pod of the setting of bow to stern direction, this wind power generation system is including setting up in the wind power generation device and the guide plate of the head of going sight -seeing the cabin, and the guide plate is cyclic annularly and adopts elastic material to make, 
and the wind power generation device periphery is located to the water conservancy diversion sleeve -board, is provided with on the visit cabin and adjusts the big or small external diameter adjusting device of guide plate upper end external diameter.
The utility model discloses can consider to let wind power generation device generate electricity according to tourist ship's the environment that actually goes, still let the guide plate block wind power generation device, reduce the tourist ship running resistance.
The invention relates to a wind-driven wheel, in particular to a wind-driven wheel which is of a three-wing twisting-type structure and can directly support smooth operation of a power generator.
The three-wing twisting-type wind-driven wheel is formed by close integration of two modules including a wing surface and an axle center, 
and structurally comprises ten components including a wind catching area, a lower inner rounding, a lower inner chamfer, a north wind area, a wind sliding area, a wind collecting area, an upper inner chamfer, an upper inner rounding, a hexagonal shaft hole and a shaft end plane. 
Current defects like large structures and low wind power utilization efficiency of conventional wind-driven wheels are overcome; due to a recessed wing structure, arrangement of twisting wings and an uniform wing layout, the wind-driven wheel has the advantages of compact structure, stable operation, wide application range and the like; 
in addition, the wind-driven wheel is simple to operate and easy to produce, and formed products are attractive and elegant in structure, solid and durable, and wide in market space, have the green and environmental-friendly advantages such as quiet operation and freeness of fuel, noise and pollution, and have great economic added value and social use value.
The utility model particularly relates to a solar and wind energy water dialysis oxygenation device, a solar and wind energy water dialysis oxygenation device, including half seal box, super slightly soluble gas generator, wind power generation machine, solar panel, battery, intelligent control cabinet, solar and wind energy support body, 
fixed connection pipe, metal collapsible tube and releaser collection, half seal box, intelligent control cabinet, solar panel, wind power generation machine, battery on solar and wind energy support body, solar and wind energy support body floats on the surface of water, 
solar panel wind power generation machine battery and intelligent control cabinet heavyly dissolve the gas generator and are connected a little with super, the releaser collected explanations amplifies the super slightly soluble pressure in bubbles gas -liquid mixture thing of measuring, 
and the water drives the local water rotation on every side of releaser collection and flows under the water drive of releaser collection, more enables abundant the fusing with the water of super slightly soluble bubble, increases the content of the dissolved oxygen of water.
It has application guangZhou, simple structure, the higher advantage of treatment effeciency.
The invention discloses a power supplying method capable of utilizing solar energy and wind energy for combined power generation. The method sequentially comprises the following steps that in coastalareas with rich wind energy resources and common solar energy resources, 
wind power generation is conducted by adopting 30 15-meter-high wind power generators made of hollow cement poles, and photovoltaic power generation is conducted by adopting 10,000 m<2> of single-crystalline-silicon solar cells; and in coastal areas with rich solar energy resources and common wind energy resources, 
wind powergeneration is conducted by adopting 15 10-meter-high wind power generators made of hollow cement poles, and photovoltaic power generation is conducted by adopting 80,000 m<2> of polycrystalline silicon solar cells.
According to the power supplying method capable of utilizing solar energy and wind energy for combined power generation, the problem that in the prior art, the requirement of the coastal areas on electric power in the future cannot be met by only building wind power plants is solved, 
and the power supplying method of utilizing solar energy and wind energy for combined power generation is provided. In application, the solar energy and the wind energy are combined for power generation, 
the requirement of the coastal areas on the electric power can be achieved by simultaneously utilizing the solar energy and the wind energy resources in the coastal areas, and industrial development in the coastal areas is guaranteed.
The utility model discloses a wind energy energy saving of air conditioning system, including wind energy mechanism and air conditioner mechanism, wind energy mechanism passes through the gas supply line with air conditioner mechanism and is connected, 
air feed pipe setup has high -pressure gas storage device, air conditioner mechanism includes condenser, heat exchanger, return air machine, backwind tube and air outlet, the gas supply line is connected with condenser and heat exchanger through the compression pipe, 
wind energy mechanism includes fan blade wheel, frame, wind energy compressor arrangement and electric energy deposit device, the utility model discloses a compressor arrangement and electric energy deposit device in the wind energy mechanism provide the cold and hot output that high -pressure gas storage device carries out condenser and heat exchanger, 
the consumption that utilizes the wind energy not only to reduce the electric energy still for the user reduces expenses, has characteristics such as cleanness, environmental protection and energy -conservation.
The invention discloses a new energy wind energy streetlamp. The new energy wind energy streetlamp comprises a fixing base provided with a fixing frame. The top of the fixing frame is provided with anew energy streetlamp mechanism driven by the wind energy.
The new energy streetlamp mechanism comprises a lamp base fixedly arranged on the top of the fixing frame. Lamp bodies are arranged at the bottom of the lamp base in a left-right symmetry manner. 
A transverse air barrel is arranged on the top of the lamp base and fixedly supported on the lamp base through a rotation supporting mechanism. Amulti-level wind power generation mechanism is arranged in the transverse air barrel.
The rotation supporting mechanism comprises a vertical rotation shaft, and the top end of the vertical rotation shaft is fixedly connected with the middle position of the bottom of the transverse air barrel.
The new energy wind energy streetlamp is provided and is ingenious in structure arrangement and reasonable in layout. A plurality of power generation units are arranged to sufficiently absorb wind energy, and the wind energy utilization rate is greatly increased; 
and in addition, the direction angle canbe conveniently adjusted through the new energy wind energy streetlamp according to the nature wind direction, accordingly, effective utilization of the wind energy is achieved, meanwhile, stable supporting in the rotation process is achieved, and structure stability is improved.
The invention provides a power generation system combining solar energy and wind energy, which comprises a solar power generation system and a wind power generation system. 
The solar power generation system comprises a photovoltaic assembly used for converting the solar energy into electric energy and a storage battery used for storing the electric energy, and the photovoltaic assembly is electrically connected with a controller which is connected with the storage battery. 
The wind power generation system comprises an air storage tank and a wind generator, compressed air is stored in the air storage tank, and the wind generator is provided with a generator air inlet and a wind wheel so as to enable air entering from the generator air inlet to drive the wind wheel to rotate to generate electricity. 
The power generation system further comprises an air compressor which is connected with the air storage tank and electrically connected with the storage battery, the air compressor is driven by electric power of the storage battery to compress the air and convey the air to the air storage tank to be stored,
an air outlet of the air compressor is connected with an air inlet of the air storage tank, an air outlet of the air storage tank is connected with the generator air inlet of the wind generator.
The power generation system combining the solar energy and the wind energy can be applied to the field of power generation.
The utility model discloses an utilize air water making device of wind energy, including wind power generation machine, cold water storage cistern, choke valve, sterilamp, air inlet machine, condenser pipe and water pump, 
the wind power generation machine is installed on the support, and installs the blade on the wind power generation machine, support fixed mounting is on ground, the wind power generation machine is connected through wire and battery, 
the left end face at the shell is installed to the air inlet machine, air heater says through induced air and the condensation chamber communicates with each other, the condenser pipe is provided with condenser pipe water inlet and condenser pipe delivery port, the cold water storage cistern is installed in the condensation chamber upper end,
the condensation chamber is connected through derivation and storage water tank, be provided with the water pump in the storage water tank, the water purifier is installed to water purification case lower extreme, and tap is installed to the water purifier lower extreme.
The utility model discloses a wind power generation and air system water technique, direct using natural resources environmental protection and energy saving ground system water, realized pollution -free, the machine system water of no high energy consumption.
The invention relates to fastening rotor blades to the hub of wind turbines.
The invention relates to the fastening of rotor blades to the rotor hub of wind turbines by means of transverse pins and tension rods in the region of the blade root, 
wherein the transverse pins are arranged throughout the entire blade root shell wall and can be connected to a flange of the hub by means of the tension rods in the form of expansion screws, 
wherein each transverse pin (4) can be connected to the flange (2) of the rotor hub (1) by means of two tension rods (5, 6), wherein each tension rod (5, 6) is arranged in a separate tension rod bore (7, 8) in the blade root shell wall (3).
The invention relates to a novel over-water wind power utilization method combining a sailing boat and an underwater windmill, and aims to overcoming the defects that a large-sized wind wheel is required to be built in a traditional large-scale wind power utilization mode so as to be difficult to install and maintain and be unable to be used for a deep water area.
According to the novel over-water wind power utilization method combining the sailing boat and the underwater windmill, a hydroturbine for ocean current power generation, which is also called 'the underwater windmill', is arranged on the sailing boat, the sailing boat is driven by wind power, water current corresponding to the sailing boat is generated to drive the hydroturbine to work.
The method has the essence that dual tasks of a wind turbine in a traditional mode, i.e. both collecting the wind power and converting the wind power, are separated: a sail with a simple structure is only used for collecting the wind power and can be enlarged conveniently; 
and since the density of water is greater than that of air, the size of the hydroturbine which can converts the wind power to mechanical energy is much smaller than that of the wind turbine.
The novel over-water wind power utilization method combining the sailing boat and the underwater windmill is mainly applied for large-scale over-water wind power generation, can be operated in deep sea where the traditional mode cannot be applied, and makes maximum use of offshore wind power with rich reserves.
The utility model discloses an enough automatic wind directions that adapts to to carry out automatically regulated, make the impeller be located the wind power generation device of self -adaptation wind direction of the windward side of wind direction all the time.
This wind power generation device of self -adaptation wind direction through setting up the wind vane on the base, detects the direction of wind through the wind vane, then whether detects the rotary driving end of wind vane through infrared detection limit switch, 
and the support post that motor stop driving wind power generationmachine body was closed to the rotary driving end that detects the wind vane rotates, and the support post that motor drive wind power generation machine body was then opened to the rotary driving endthat ought not detect the wind vane rotates the rotary driving end up to detecting the wind vane, 
and install the direction of facining the wind that the infrared ray detected limit switch's the directional wind power generation machine body of bracing piece, consequently adopt this wind power generation device of self -adaptation wind direction, 
can guarantee wind power generation machine body to facing the wind the direction relative with the wind direction all the time, thereby improved the utilization ratio of wind energy, improved the generating efficiency.
The invention provides a seawater desalination treatment method adopting combination of wind energy power generation and salt chemical industry. 
The method comprises the following steps of: performing desalination treatment on the seawater by using a reverse osmosis seawater desalination system to obtain fresh water and concentrated seawater; supplying power to the reverse osmosis seawater desalination system by a wind energy generator;
treating the concentrated seawater by a potassium ion sieve and extracting potassium ions; extracting bromine in the concentrated seawater by using an air blowout method; extracting magnesium in the concentrated seawater by using a precipitation method; 
extracting salt from the concentrated seawater by using an ion exchange method to prepare refined salt or liquid salt and halogen fresh water subjected to desalination; and delivering the halogen fresh water to the reverse osmosis seawater desalination system.
According to the seawater desalination treatment method adopting combination of wind energy power generation and salt chemical industry, the seawater is desalted by using a reverse osmosis method, chemical elements and rare metals in the concentrated seawater are extracted and recovered;
and the resource waste is reduced while a large quantity of byproducts are acquired, so that the production cost of seawater desalination is indirectly reduced.
The utility model discloses an automatic dust removal device powered by wind energy. The automatic dust removal device powered by the wind energy is arranged on the surface of an object to remove dust covering the surface of the object, 
and comprises at least two fixing lines and at least one fiber line cleaning part, the fixing lines are intersected with one another, one end of each fiber line cleaning part is connected with an intersection point of the corresponding fixing lines, 
and free ends of the fiber line cleaning parts are powered by the wind energy to irregularly swing, so that the dust covering the surface of the object can be wiped off or absorbed or cast off.
The utility model further provides a photovoltaic module comprising the automatic dust removal device powered by the wind energy.
The invention discloses a turbo-type vertical shaft electromagnetic wind energy collector. The turbo-type vertical shaft electromagnetic wind energy collector comprises a wind energy collection unit and an electromagnetic power generation unit which are connected through a secondary gear speed increasing mechanism and are vertically and sequentially overlaid and fixedly arranged.
Compared with a horizontal shaft wind energy collector, the turbo-type vertical shaft electromagnetic wind energy collector is smaller in size and higher in wind energy utilization ratio.
Meanwhile, the turbo-type vertical shaft electromagnetic wind energy collector designs a novel wind energy collector wind cavity structure, and on the premise of simplifying a collector transmission system to the greatest extent,the secondary gear speed increasing mechanism is introduced, so that the wind energy collector can obtain higher power output on the condition of the same wind speed.
The invention relates to a wind energy and solar energy complementary electric automobile, comprising a wind energy generator, a charging storage battery and a solar energy power supply unit with a solar panel, wherein a wind energy and solar energy complementary storage battery is connected with a solar cell of the solar energy power supply unit,
the wind energy generator, and a storage battery charging and power supply program control device; the storage battery charging and power supply program control device is electrically connected with the charging storage battery; and the solar energy power supply unit and the wind energy generator which are arranged on an expandable link can be collected in the body of the electric automobile. 
In the invention, compared with prior art, the natural whether resources of wind energy and solar energy are fully utilized as energy of the electric automobile, power supply program is controlled by a complementary storage battery and a program-control device to realize natural resource utilization maximization, 
and solar energy and wind energy complementary utilization is good for improving continuity and stability of the power supply of the electric automobile.
The utility model belongs to the technical field of the media, especially, relate to a wind energy electricity's LED advertising light boxes, 
including wind energy acquisition device, the position control device, the LED light source, branch, a controller, the battery, advertising light boxes, heat abstractor, play device and base, wind energy acquisition device erects through the position control device and is connected on branch and with the battery, branch is 2, branch sets up on the base,
2 individual branch sets up in the advertising light boxes both sides, advertising light boxes erects at 2 branch middle parts, the LED light source, controller and battery setting are in advertising light boxes, 
heat abstractor sets up on advertising light boxes's the both sides wall and top surface, play device sets up in the advertising light boxes below, the LED light source, controller and battery pass through the line connection.
The beneficial effect of the utility model: in being dissolved into advertising light boxes wind power generation technique and LED technical science, it is energy -concerving and environment -protective, have high reliability simultaneously, need not the ditching and bury cable and simple to operate.
The invention relates to equipment for solid garbage crushing through wind energy. The equipment comprises a box body, a wind energy power generation device arranged on one side of the box body, a controller arranged on the inner wall of the box body and solid garbage crushers arranged in the box body. 
The solid garbage crushers are in electric connection with the controller, and the controller is in electric connection with the wind energy power generation device.
Compared with the prior art, according to the equipment for solid garbage crushing through the wind energy, the wind energy can be utilized for solid waste crushing, so that existing non-regenerated energy is effectively saved, meanwhile, the environmentally-friendly effect is also achieved, and solid garbage treatment cost is reduced.
The utility model discloses a novel utilize puncher of wind energy power device, including wind energy power gearbox, drill bit speed change gear, wind energy input gear, the working face carriage release lever punches,
wind energy power gearbox is installed the working face carriage release lever right side of punching, the working face carriage release lever that punches is installed in the base top, punch working face carriage release lever top and install the working face that punches, 
wind energy power gearbox top is provided with wind energy power input shaft, wind energy power input shaft top is provided with the wind energy gear, drill bit speed change gear is installed to wind energy gear below, the drill bit speed change gear left side is provided with adjusting speed rod, adjusting speed rod installs return spring in the left side, 
return spring installs on the casing, drill bit is installed to the casing below, drill bit installs the below the working face punches, the working face setting of punching is in the base top.
The utility model provides a low-voltage wind energy cable, and relates to the technical field of cables.
The low-voltage wind energy cable comprises a conductor, an isolation belt, an insulating layer and an outer sheath.
Isolation belt wraps outer side of conductor.
The insulating layer wraps the outer side of the isolation belt and is made of ethylene propylene rubber.
And the outer sheath coats the outer side of the insulating layer.
The cable with the structural design is wide in application range; the comprehensive advantages of power transmission, high mechanical strength and the like are realized; the cable can realize the production of the low-voltage wind energy cable without adding new production equipment;
production cost is saved, good flexibility is realized; the fracture cannot easily occur in the use process; and the insulating layer of the low-voltage wind energy cable is made of an ethylene propylene rubber material with better flame retardance and tensile strength, 
and the outer sheath is made of chlorinated polyethylene rubber with better flame retardance, oil resistance and low temperature resistance, so that the low-voltage wind energy cable finished product can pass a flame-retardant FT4 test in UL 1685.
The invention provides a wind energy battery electric vehicle and relates to the technical field of new-energy automobiles. The wind energy battery electric vehicle comprises a vehicle body and an electricity consumption component and further comprises a wind power generation device, an energy storage device and a monitoring device; 
the wind power generation device is arranged on the vehicle bodyand used for converting wind energy into electric energy; the energy storage device is electrically connected with the wind power generation device, used for storing the electric energy converted by the wind power generation device, 
electrically connected with the electricity consumption component and used for supplying a power source to the wind energy battery electric vehicle; and the monitoringdevice is electrically connected with the energy storage device and used for monitoring state information of the energy storage device in real time.
The wind energy generated in the traveling processof the wind energy battery electric vehicle is converted into the electric energy, efficient utilization of energy is achieved, the vehicle has important significance in environment protection, the energy storage device can be effectively protected as well, and the service life of the energy storage device is prolonged.
The utility model discloses an adjustable wind energy lamp box structure. The adjustable wind energy lamp box structure comprises a lamp box body and a wind energy device, the lamp box body comprises a framework and a plate body with an LED light emitting body, the plate body is fixed in the framework to form the lamp box, and a locating slide rail is arranged on the framework; 
the wind energy device comprises a wind energy machine and a bottom plate, the wind energy machine is located on the bottom plate, and the bottom plate is located at the center of the locating slide rail and matched with the slide rails at the two sides to form a sliding regulating mechanism; 
the upper shell of the locating slide rail is matched with a plurality of bottom plates so as to obtain a sliding structure capable of matching with a plurality of wind energy devices.
After using said technical scheme, the relative regulation between the wind energy device and the lamp box is realized, and accordingly the lamp box structure can be regulated according to the wind power, the needed electricity quantity and the wind blowing direction.
The invention relates to a method for determining the remaining service life of a wind turbine.
The method comprises continuously detecting movements or vibrations of components of the wind turbine by means of sensors while the wind turbine is operating, and determining modes and frequencies of the movements or vibrations.
In addition, the forces acting on the components of the wind turbine are determined on the basis of a model, in particular a numerical model, of the wind turbine, and stress spectra and/or load spectra of the components of the wind turbine are determined.
Furthermore, the method comprises determining or estimating the remaining service life by comparing the determined stress spectra and load spectra with total stress spectra and total load spectra.
The invention relates to a synchronous generator (1), in particular a four-pole synchronous ring generator of a gearless wind turbine (100), for generating electric current, comprising a rotor (4) and a stator (3), wherein the stator (3) has a plurality of grooves (17), in which a stator winding is arranged, 
wherein the stator winding (23) releases thermal energy as a result of the current generation, and wherein a heat sink (25a-e) for absorbing and leading away released thermal energy is arranged in one, several, or all grooves (17).
The utility model discloses an integrated on-edge casting sand box of wind energy driftage brake disc, include that the sand box main part that is hollow annular tube-shape is with closed sand box main part open-ended case lid, be formed with in the said sand box main part from the left hand right side a plurality of molding sand casting moulds of superpose in proper order, 
adjacent two form one driftage brake disc die cavity in the molding sand casting mould, a vertical running channel is provided on the case lid, be formed with the intercommunication on the molding sand casting mould said vertical running channel with the cross gate of driftage brake disc die cavity.
The utility model discloses a plurality of foundry goods can be cast out simultaneously to on-edge casting sand box one sand box, and casting is effectual, can reduce sand iron by a wide margin and compare, improve the casting process finished product ratio,
improve the qualification rate to save a large amount of casting mould materials and man-hour, thereby reach reduction in production cost, improve production efficiency's purpose.
The utility model discloses an electric automobile with liftable formula wind power generation device, which comprises a carriage body, the inside of automobile body is equipped with the inner chamber, the top of inner chamber is equipped with the bonnet, 
the inside of inner chamber is equipped with the wind power generation machine, the bottom of wind power generation machine is equipped with elevating gear, the wind power generation machine is connected with the wind energy controller through the wire, the bottom of wind energy controller is equipped with battery commonly used, 
and the wind energy controller passes through the wire with the electric energy after the wind energy conversion and store in battery commonly used, bottom of battery commonly used is equipped with backup battery, the output of wind energy controller and backup battery's input electric connection.
This electric automobile with liftable formula wind power generation device adopts the elevating gear wind power generation machine that goes up and down, has made things convenient for the collection of electric automobile electric energy,
and the use for the wind power generation machine simultaneously provides the protection, can utilize elevating gear to withdraw the automobile body inner chamber with the wind power generation machine when not using.
The invention discloses a domestic exterior wall wind energy panel comprising a panel shell, wind energy plates and a control panel shell. Second rotating grooves are formed in the other side of the panel shell; the top ends of second rotating shafts are fixedly connected with transmission gears; 
a motor is mounted at the bottom of a transmission cavity, and the top of the motor is rotatably connected with a main transmission gear; a controller is mounted above the motor and in the transmission cavity; and the transmission gears are arranged in the transmission cavity, and a transmission beltis rotatably connected to the main transmission gear and the transmission gears.
The domestic exterior wall wind energy panel is reasonable in structure, the rotatable wind energy plates are matched with a wind energy sensor, thus whether outdoor ventilating is achieved or not can be effectively sensed, 
when the ventilating requirement is met, the wind energy plates are automatically expanded to convey outdoor air to the indoor space, thus the effects of wind energy intelligent sensing and fully-automatic expanding are achieved, and unprecedented using experience is provided for wall surface decoration.
The invention discloses a solar energy and wind energy generator which comprises a solar energy generation main body, a current collection control main body and a wind energy generator main body, 
wherein light pivot equipment, a light reflection prevention plate, an n-type semiconductor, a p-type semiconductor, a bottom metal plate and a photoelectric converter are mounted in the solar energy generation main body in sequence; the solar energy generation main body is electrically connected with the current collection control main body through a cable;
a touch display screen is mounted on the surface of the current collection control main body; the wind energy generator main body is electrically connected with the current collection control main body through a cable; and the top end of the wind energy generator main body comprises a small-sized current collector and a machine head.
The solar energy and wind energy generator is applicable to a mountain, of which half is exposed to the sun and the other half is in the shade; and a solar energy generator and a wind energy generator of the solar energy and wind energy generator are separated to effectively utilize the landform, 
can realize omni-bearing multi-level high-efficiency utilization of solar energy and wind energy, and provide great convenience for electricity utilization of villagers in mountainous areas.
The utility model provides a height -adjustable's wind power generation device, including electricity generation base system and wind power generation system, electricity generation base system with the wind power generation system links to each other, 
fixed structure frame lower extreme with fixed structure frame locking hook links to each other, it is in to remove the fixed slot setting in the fixed structure frame, the bracing piece adjustable ring sets up lower part in the fixed structure frame, 
and support the adjustable ring internal surface with the removal fixed slot links to each other, solar panel sets up on the fixed structure frame outer wall, the electric energy battery sets up in the fixed structure frame, electricity generation base system passes through remove the fixed slot with the bracing piece adjustable ring with the wind power generation system links to each other.
The beneficial effects of the utility model are that effectively improve the rate of utilization of wind energy and electric energy, also can realize when wind -force is less the wind energy utilization, just so improved wind transformation of energy efficiency greatly.
A wind turbine foundation having a plurality of precast concrete foundation segments (210) is provided.
The foundation segments have a plurality of first and second cable sheaths (216, 217) which hold tensioning cables for tensioning the foundation segments (210).
The utility model discloses a straight water dispenser of new -type wind energy, the wind energy machine is installed to its fixed stay post upper end, and the water subassembly is made to the inside dress that inlays of casing of wind energy machine,
and the water storage tank is installed to the tip under the fixed stay post, and the water purification subassembly is installed at fixed stay post middle part between water storage tank and wind energy machine, and system water subassembly, water purification subassembly, water storage tank connect gradually through conduit, 
system water subassembly includes compressor, an evaporator, condensers, fan towards the evaporimeter cross air blasting, compressor's the refrigerant export and the refrigerant entry intercommunication of condenser, 
the refrigerant export of condenser and the refrigerant entry intercommunication of evaporimeter, the refrigerant export of evaporimeter and compressor's refrigerant entry intercommunication, 
the power output shaft of wind energy machine respectively with compressor, fan drive connects, distolaterally under the evaporimeter install flourishing water tray, flourishing water tray passes through conduit and is connected with the water purification subassembly.
The utility model discloses can utilize the wind energy to produce fresh water and handle straight drinking water, novel in design and low carbon environmental protection.
The utility model discloses a high-performance hinge-type wind energy power machine using wind in the nature. Hinge-type choke sheets (1) of the high-performance hinge-type wind energy power machine are movably arranged on hinge shafts (2); 
the hinge shafts (2) are arranged on an entire support (4); stop blocks (3) are fixed on the entire support (4); the entire support (4) is fixed on a wind energy crankshaft (5); and the wind energy crankshaft (5) is arranged on a bearing seat (7) through bearings (6).
With the adoption of the high-performance hinge-type wind energy power machine compacted and reasonable in structure, low wind velocity starting is realized; energy losses of the wind energy power machine in operation are reduced; the utilization efficiency of wind energy is increased; and the wind energy power machine uses natural resources, is green and environment-friendly, and has a high efficiency.
The invention discloses a wind-powered thunder and lightning pre-warning system, which comprises a wind energy collection module, an energy storage and power supply module, a thunder and lightning pre-warning control module and an atmospheric electric field collection module.
Wind energy of the natural world can be fully utilized; the wind energy is converted into electric energy and stored through the wind energy collection module;
and meanwhile, all-weather uninterrupted power supply is provided for the thunder and lightning pre-warning control module and the atmospheric electric field collection module.
In addition, a wind energy storage module can also monitor wind speed and wind direction information of the position at which the thunder and lightning pre-warning system is located, and transmits the collected wind speed and wind direction information to the thunder and lightning pre-warning control module; 
and the thunder and lightning pre-warning control module enables the current wind speed and wind direction information to participate in thunder and lightning pre-warning core computation and evaluation of the movement direction of a thundercloud.
According to the wind-powered thunder and lightning pre-warning system, stable working of the thunder and lightning pre-warning system in a field environment can be effectively ensured; 
a guarantee is actually and accurately provided for thunder and lightning pre-warning information; and the thunder and lightning pre-warning system disclosed by the invention is simple and reliable in structure, energy-saving and easy to achieve.
The utility model discloses a can use wind energy street lamp electrical source controller of portable mobile device control, wind energy page or leaf piece including the street lamp of the wind energy body, on installing this street lamp body and be used for storing the battery of wind energy,
the street lamp body is through a change over switch respectively with the wind energy circuit with by the 2nd power supply circuit parallel connection of ordinary civilian power supply circuit formation, change over switch is equipped with a zigBee signal reception module last still the connection, 
and the messenger of zigBee signal reception module can hold and be connected with an intelligent gateway unit, and the messenger of intelligent gateway unit can hold and connect in a portable mobile device.
The utility model discloses an utilize the use that mobile terminal just can control operation wind energy street lamp change over switch, prevent this wind energy street lamp frequently the automatic switch -over use the circuit, avoid its life because of frequent switching reduces rapidly, improved the intelligent level of wind energy street lamp control and management simultaneously.
The invention relates to a cold and torsion resistant flexible cable for wind power generation. The single core cable is composed of a stranded conductor (1), acrylic yarn (2), a wrapping strip (3), an insulating layer (4) and an outer sheath (5); 
the stranded conductor (1) is formed by standing 7 soft steel wires (11) of 0.15-0.25mm into stranded wires (12) and stranding the 19 stranded wires (12) once again; after the periphery of the stranded conductor (1) is winded and wrapped by the wrapping strip (3), 
the insulating layer (4) is extruded and wrapped into an insulating wire core, and finally the outer sheath (5) is extruded and wrapped at the periphery of the insulating wire core; and peripheral gaps of the stranded wires (12) of all layers are filled with the acrylic yarn (2).
In the invention, because the gaps of the stranded conductor are filled with the acrylic yarn (2), the cable core is filled with unvulcanized rubber strips so as to be integrated with the outer sheath (5), 
and the insulating layer (4) is made of ethylene-propylene rubber with excellent low-temperature performance and weathering performance, the cold and torsion resistance of the flexible cable is greatly improved, the flexible cable can not be broken down in five minutes at the voltage of 2.5U0, 
and the surface of the flexible cable can not crack at the temperature of 40 DEG C below zero after being subjected to torsion for 500 times.
The invention relates to a wind energy converter, wind energy generating equipment and a system; the system comprises a wind energy generator, a power grid and the wind energy converter; the wind energy converter consists of a main contactor and a filter,
and the filter has a filter capacitor component; a cast-cut device is arranged in the filter for casting the filter capacitor component to perform reactive powder compensation when the grid voltage is at the zero crossing point; and the filter capacitor component is cut off when a filter capacitor is in failure.
When the wind energy generator is power off, the filter capacitor is used to produce reactive power without change of the structure of a filter and influence on normal power generation of the wind energy converter; the original filter capacitor of the filter is used for protecting the filter capacitor;
a thyristor is used for performing cast-cut, thus achieving the aim of protecting the filter capacitor in cast-cut process; by using the thyristor for cast-cut, the response speed is quick and the cost of a soft start circuit is reduced; and the filter capacitor component is cut off when the filter capacitor is in failure, thus avoiding failure magnification.
The invention discloses a wind energy thick and large casting pouring device which comprises a sprue cup, a casting mould and a riser, wherein the sprue cup is connected with the casting mould through a pouring pipeline in a conducting manner on the basis of the use direction, 
the horizontal height of the bottom of the sprue cup is larger than that of the top of the casting mould, the riser is fixedly arranged at the top of the casting mould and is connected with the casting mould in a conducting manner, and the horizontal height of the top of the riser is larger than that of the bottom of the sprue cup and smaller than that of the top of the sprue cup. 
The wind energy thick and large casting pouring device has the advantages of being simple in structure, improving the quality, lowering the production cost, saving raw materials, reducing the work labor intensity, being easy to implement, and the like.
The utility model discloses an utilize traffic lights system of wind energy and solar energy power generation work, including support column, control box, traffic lights holding case and motor, the inside of control box is equipped with battery, converter, controller and time control module respectively, 
and the inside of traffic lights holding case is equipped with red light, green light and amber light respectively, and the below of red light, green light and amber light corresponds in proper order and is provided with control?node no. 1, control?node no. 2 and control?node no. 3, the top fixedly connected with solar cell panel support of traffic lights holding case, 
solar cell panel support's upper end fixedly connected with solar cell panel, solar cell panel are become by small -size solar array, and small -size solar cell's inside is equipped with focusing mirror and solar cell piece respectively, the output shaft of motor has the wind?power generation bull stick, the top fixedly connected with wind?power generation device of wind?power generation bull stick.
The utility model discloses, simple structure, power rate is high, and is energy -concerving and environment -protective, can use widely.
The invention provides a wind power generation system. The wind power generation system comprises a columnar airflow channel, a wind power generator unit mounted in the columnar airflow channel, a wind power generator unit fault detection device for detecting faults of the wind power generator unit and an alarm. 
The columnar airflow channel is a columnar channel, wherein the two ends are opened and the inner portion is hollow; the maximum cross section diameter of the columnar airflow channel is smaller than 1/3 of the height of the columnar airflow channel, and the wind power generator unit fault detection device drives the alarm to alarm when the wind power generator unit fails.
Besides the cost of constructing the channel and the wind power generator unit, any resources will not be consumed in the whole operating process, so that the problem of clean energy sources is effectively solved; 
by arranging the wind power generator unit fault detection device, fault detection and recognition on the wind power generator unit can be immediately performed, so that the state of the wind power generator unit is immediately acquired, and the normal operation of a wind power generation system is ensured.
The invention consists of a system for converting wind energy (SCEE) into mechanical and then electrical energy.
This system (SCEE) is not subject to the theoretical Betz limit (59%).
The system (SCEE) has a wheel (F) equipped with a series of blades arranged all around it.
The wheel (F) turns in a pivoting connection about a fixed axle (L).
Set on the axle (L), a support (E) attaches the end plates of a series of double-acting actuating cylinders (D).
The cylinder rods of the series of the double-acting actuating cylinders (D) are in a ball jointed connection with the body (A), the purpose of this being to offer the latter a maximum degree of freedom in space.
One side of a rigid arm (C) is set on the wheel (F) and the other side of the rigid arm (C) is held on, in a pivoting connection, on a U-shaped section piece (B).
Having a circular satellite movement, the U-shaped section piece (B) turns with the wheel (F) while at the same time sliding over a peripheral region of the body (A).
When the wind blows against the body (A), the body (A) pivots with the section piece (B) and pushes on the cylinder rods of the actuating cylinders (D).
Having a circular satellite movement, the section piece (B) turns, sliding over a peripheral region of the body (A), thus changing the fulcrum of the moment of the resultant force of the wind (the pivot connection of the section piece (B)) applied to the body (A).
The cylinder rods of the actuating cylinders (D) will therefore be pulled and pushed, while at the same time having a cyclic translational movement.
Set on the axle (L), a nacelle (J) chiefly contains a hydraulic motor (H) and an electric generator (G), which can be coupled via a speed multiplier.
During the reciprocating movements of the pistons of the actuating cylinders (D), a set of valves allow for a one-way flow of hydraulic fluid inside "out and back" hydraulic circuits either by pulling or pushing.
The "out and back" hydraulic circuits are also connected to the hydraulic motor (H).
To keep the system (SCEE) always facing into the wind and allow it to pivot on the mast (I), it can be orientated by a tail vane (K) which is fixed, via a support, to the nacelle (J).
The invention relates to the technical field of wind energy heat pumps, in particular to a cooling defrosting type wind energy heat pump.
The cooling defrosting type wind energy heat pump comprises an antifreezing solution spraying water dispersal device and a surface cooling type air heat exchanger, 
and the antifreezing solution spraying water dispersal device is arranged on the surface cooling type air heat exchanger and used for spraying an antifreezing solution to a coil pipe and fins of the surface cooling type air heat exchanger.
According to the cooling defrosting type wind energy heat pump, the antifreezing solution is sprayed to the surface cooling type air heat exchanger through the antifreezing solution spraying water dispersal device, so that the effect that the surface cooling type air heat exchanger is subjected to cooling defrosting operation on the premise that the heat pump does not change directions is achieved.
The utility model relates to the technical field of wind power utilization, in particular to a wind-electricity complementary wind energy comprehensive utilization system.
The wind-electricity complementary wind energy comprehensive utilization system comprises a wind mechanical energy conversion device, an electric drive device, a dual-power synthesis device, a power load device and a control system.
The wind-electricity complementary wind energy comprehensive utilization system is characterized in that the dual-power synthesis device comprises a first input shaft, a second input shaft and a power output shaft; the wind mechanical energy conversion device comprises a wind turbine and a wind power output shaft, and the wind power output shaft is connected with the first input shaft; the electric drive device comprises an electromotor which is connected with the second input shaft.
The utility model further discloses a control method. 
The wind-electricity complementary wind energy comprehensive utilization system has the advantages that wind energy and electric energy can be synthesized in a superposed mode, so the problem of the application limitation caused by randomness and uncertainty of the wind energy can be effectively solved;
when the wind energy exceeds the demands of the power load device, redundant wind energy can be converted into electric energy through the control system and the electric energy is fed back to a power grid, and consequently the wind energy is utilized efficiently.
The invention relates to a wind power plant tower segment (1), wherein the tower segment (1) is designed as a jacket segment and comprises a reinforced concrete body, comprising two faces (6) for attaching to faces of at least one further tower segment. 
In the region of each face (6), at least one connecting body is introduced in the reinforced concrete body and anchored therein for connecting to a connecting body (12) of an adjoining tower segment. 
The connecting body (12) comprises a fastening wall (14) that is disposed substantially parallel to the respective face (6) for absorbing a tensile load that is directed transversely to the face (6) and transversely to the fastening wall (14).
Thus, the blade pitch angle corresponding to the actual power determined on the basis of power-angle corresponding relationship is the targeted blade pitch angle; 
the wind generating set is correspondingly controlled by using the targeted blade pitch angle, and the maximal wind energy capture of the wind generating set is improved.
The invention discloses an umbrella type wind power device which comprises an acting rope, a control cabinet, a sliding drum, an acting umbrella, a balancing device, a plurality of thin ropes and an umbrella control rope, wherein the acting rope forms a certain angle with the ground surface; 
the control cabinet, the sliding drum, the acting umbrella and the balancing device are connected on the acting rope in sequence from bottom to up, and the control cabinet is fixed on the acting rope and is wirelessly connected with a central controlling device; 
the plurality of thin ropes are connected between the umbrella type edge of the acting umbrella and the sliding drum; and the umbrella controlling rope is connected between the control cabinet and the sliding drum, and the extending length variation of the umbrella controlling rope is controlled by the control cabinet. 
The invention also discloses a wind power system which is realized by the umbrella type wind power device.
In the invention, as the umbrella controlling rope and the acting rope are controlled separately, the control on the umbrella type wind power device is more easier, the folding and unfolding of the acting umbrella can not influence the stability of an aerial balancing system, 
the aerial part of the wind power system disclosed by the invention has good stability and control performance, and the stability of acting mechanical transferring power of a ground part is improved greatly.
Some general aspects of the invention provide a method for operating a wind energy converter having a variable-ratio gear system (906, 172-178) mechanically coupled between a rotor (102) and a generator (104), 
wherein the variable- ratio gear system (906, 172-178) includes a first transmission unit (174) coupled to a first shaft (168) and a second transmission unit (172) coupled to a second shaft (165).
The method comprises adjusting the variable-ratio gear system (906, 172-178) to a first gear ratio at which the first shaft (168) substantially does not rotate; 
determining a wind speed (300) or a related parameter (n, P, p); 
detecting whether the wind speed (300) or the related parameter (n, P, p) has crossed a first threshold value (310) in a first direction; 
and adjusting the variable-ratio gear system(906, 172-178), when the wind speed (300) or the related parameter (n, P, p) has crossed the first threshold value (310) in the first direction, to a second gear ratio at which the second shaft (165) substantially does not rotate.
Under further aspects, the invention provides a control device (190) for a wind energy converter having a variable-ratio gear system and a wind energy converter comprising the control device (190).
A novel multifunctional wind energy and steam energy hybrid power engine comprises a wind energy and steam energy hybrid supercharger, a wind energy and steam energy hybrid booster, an oil burner, a multifunctional engine, a wind energy converter,
 a wind energy and steam energy hybrid cylinder, a steam water tank, a solar water heater, an electric boiler and a steam concentrator.
The steam water tank is connected with the solar water heater through a steam pipe.
According to the engine, clean energy is utilized, so that energy conservation and environmental protection are achieved, and the problems of high oil price and oil shortage at present can be solved.
The utility model provides a complemental energy -conserving car of wind energy and electric energy, including the synchronous case of automobile body, electric power driven system, wind -energy driven system and differential, the synchronous case of electric power driven system, 
wind -energy driven system and differential all sets up on the automobile body, the electric power driven system is including connecting gradually dc generator, battery and dc motor, the electric power 
driven system still includes the controller, and the controller setting is on the circuit that the battery is connected with dc motor, and the controller is used for controlling accumulator output electric current size, 
the wind -energy driven system is including the induced air device, fan and the first gearbox that connect gradually,
dc motor and first gearbox all are connected with the synchronous case of differential, and the the wheel connection on synchronous case of differential and the automobile body isused for driving the motion of energy -conserving car.
The utility model relates to a low -cost, as not need fuel no exhaust to pollute new ability environmental protection and energy saving car, thewind -force that utilizes the garage to sail the production blows the fan, produces mechanical energy drive vehicle and traveles.
The invention belongs to the technical field of semiconductor lighting and particularly relates to a high-voltage chip light-emitting device based on wind energy and a manufacturing method of the high-voltage chip light-emitting device.
The high-voltage chip light-emitting device based on the wind energy comprises a wind power generation device, an electricity storage device, an intelligent controller and a hexahedral high-voltage chip light source, wherein the electricity storage device is electrically connected with the wind power generation device; the intelligent controller is electrically connected with the electricity storage device; 
each surface of the hexahedral high-voltage chip light source comprises an aluminum-based circuit board; 
high-voltage chip sets are arranged on the aluminum-based circuit boards; each high-voltage chip set comprises a plurality of chip packaging units which are connected in series; each chip packaging unit comprises chips arranged on the corresponding aluminum-based circuit board, fluorescent glue smeared onto the surfaces of the chips, and silica gel smeared onto the surface of the fluorescent glue; 
the six high-voltage chip sets are electrically connected with the electricity storage device and the intelligent controller after being connected in parallel.
The invention further provides the manufacturing method of the high-voltage chip light-emitting device based on the wind energy. According to the high-voltage chip light-emitting device based on the wind energy, the luminous efficiency is high, and the reliability is high;
the wind energy instead of a mains supply is used for power supply, energy resources are saved, and environmental friendliness is achieved.
The invention discloses a building wind energy use system, and relates to the field of wind energy use devices. 
The size of blades is reduced, meanwhile, the wind of the position of the small blade isimproved, and wind energy use is ensured. 
A wind power amplification mechanism carries out amplification through a flow guide cover of a conical structure, upper and lower suction force of an upper reinforcing pipe and a lower reinforcing pipe is used for reinforcing the inner airflow flowing, the wind energy conversion use is reinforced, and the wind energy use effect is ensured. 
The angle can be subjected to fine adjustment, wind energy use is ensured, the lower reinforcing pipe is of a flexible structure, 
and can well adapt angle rotation, the lower reinforcing pipe is downwards connectedto a building vertical ventilation pipe, 
the airflow upward suction force can be effectively reinforced, and the blade rotation effect is improved.
An auxiliary supporting column and a supporting platform are arranged, stability of the device in the high altitude can be effectively ensured, the device can be prevented from being blown down through large wind, and the life safety is prevented frombeing endangered.
The utility model discloses a wind power generating device for roads. 
The wind power generating device comprises a generating unit and a flow guide unit, wherein the flow guide unit is used for guiding the wind energy to the generating unit, the generating unit is provided with a generator and an impeller, the impeller is fixed on a rotary shaft of the generator, 
the flow guide unit is provided with a wind energy inlet end and a wind energy outlet end, the wind energy inlet end and the wind energy outlet end are fixedly arranged on the side of a road, and the wind energy outlet end is fixedly arranged at the front end of the impeller.
In addition, the utility model also discloses an equipment unit utilizing the generating device.
The flow guide unit can collect the air flow generated on the road, so the dust pollution caused by the air flow is avoided. The generating unit utilizes the collected air flow to generate power, so the utilization value is added.
The invention discloses a small wind energy collector based on four-phase magnetic state conversion and a piezoelectric effect based.
The device comprises a winding, a winding sleeve and a plurality of power generation mechanisms, wherein each power generation mechanism comprises an air flow pipe, a wind energy exciter, a piezoelectric magnetic composite sheet and a permanent magnet set, 
wherein the wind energy exciter, the piezoelectric magnetic composite sheet and the permanent magnet set are sequentially arranged inside a shunting pipe, and the winding is arranged on the winding sleeve; 
thewinding sleeve sleeves the plurality of power generation mechanisms, and the piezoelectric magnetic composite sheet comprises a piezoelectric film and a magnetic thin film adhered to the bottom surface of the piezoelectric film; 
and the permanent magnet set comprises a permanent magnet I, a permanent magnet II, a permanent magnet III and a magnet support, wherein the permanent magnet I is arranged on the inner side of the upper wall of the shunting pipe, the permanent magnet II is arranged on inner side of the lower wall of the shunting pipe, and the permanent magnet III is arranged right behind the piezoelectric magnetic composite sheet.
According to the device, a piezoelectric type and an electromagnetic induction type wind energy power generation can be realized at the same time, so that the wind energy collection efficiency and the wind energy power generation capability are improved; and the device is simple in structure and small in size, and is suitable for power supply for low-power-consumption electronic devices.
The invention relates to a generator rotor (5) for a generator (1), in particular a slow rotating generator, of a wind turbine (100) or a hydroelectric power plant (200).
According to the invention, the generator rotor (5) has a rotor belt (15) for holding multiple pole shoes, 
a hub flange (19) for securing the generator rotor (5) to a shaft, in particular a main shaft or a transmission shaft, ofthe wind turbine (100) or for securing to a number of turbine blades of the hydroelectric power plant (200), 
and a support structure (17) which is connected to the rotor belt (15) on one side and to the hub flange (19) on the other side in a rotationally fixed manner on both sides. The rotor belt (15) consists of a metal material with a first damping ratio (D1), 
and at least one of the componentsconsisting of the support structure (17) or the hub flange (19) partly or completely consists of a material with a second damping ratio (D2), wherein the second damping ratio (D2) is greater than thefirst damping ratio (D1).
The invention belongs to the technical field of wind power generation, and particularly relates to a wind-power wind-energy generating device capable of sufficiently utilizing wind energy.
In order tosolve the problems that a wind power generation device cannot automatically steer according to a wind direction, and cannot efficiently utilize wind energy, the invention discloses the following scheme: 
the wind-power wind-energy generating device comprises a tower body, wherein the outer walls of the two sides of the tower body are welded with first connecting frames; sides of the outer walls ofthe tops of the first connecting frames are welded with secondary tower bodies; 
the outer walls of tops of the secondary tower bodies are welded with steering boxes; the inner walls of the bottoms ofthe steering boxes are fixedly equipped with rotary columns through bearings;
the outer walls of tops of the rotary columns are fixedly equipped with a housing through bearings; the outer wall of oneside of the housing is welded with a rectifying hub; 
one side of the inner wall of the bottom of the housing is fixedly equipped with a first power generating mechanism through a bolt; and the firstpower generating mechanism comprises a motor fixing table.
The wind-power wind-energy generating device has two power generating modes; and moreover, space layers of a plurality of power generating mechanisms are different, so that a space utilization rate of wind energy is increased, wind energy can be sufficiently utilized to generate power, and a worker conveniently maintains and manages equipment.
The invention relates to wind energy systems.
A wind energy system (100) is provided having an insect sensor (150).
The insect sensor is adapted for measuring the insect density in the air.
Further, a method for operating a wind energy system taking into account the insect density in the air is provided.
The wind energy system is curtailed during times with a high insect density.
Hence, in periods following times with a high insect density, the wind energy system can be operated without the aero-dynamical performance of the rotor blades being spoiled by smashed insects.
The invention relates to a wind-turbine rotor blade (200) comprising a lightning protection system (300).
The lightning protection system (300) has at least one receptor (320), a lightning protection conductor (310) and a further element (250).
One section of the lightning protection conductor (310) is in electrical contact with the further element (250) via a connection unit (400).
The connection unit (400) has a screw (420) with a collar (421), as well as a nut (410) with an inner thread (413) and a collar (411).
The nut (410) and the screw (420) can be screwed together.
The utility model relates to an umbellate form wind generator system, the technical problem that solve overcome at least one defect in the above -mentioned background art, provide a well high altitude wind energy ground electricity generation power assembly and generating set.
This power assembly passes through the hawser to be connected with umbellate form wind power installation, be used for to the generator provides the power that produces the electric energy, 
its improvement structure includes: the power hoist engine for individual layer coiling hawser is directly driven by umbellate form wind power installation, provides the rotation power who produces the electric energy to the generator, 
hold the rope hoist engine, the hawser accomodate through convoluteing after the power hoist engine in hold on the rope hoist engine.
Fricative problem was extrudeed each other in the hawser recovery during umbellate form wind -power system had been solved to this patent, had improved the life of hawser.
Further, this patent adopts the modularized design thinking for generating set's power can be adjusted in a flexible way, greatly reduced the degree of difficulty that is incorporated into the power networks of electricity generation, can not lead to the fact the electricity generation can the seedbed extravagant, have very high practicality.
The utility model discloses a high-flexibility torsion-resistant wind energy cable for wind power generation in the technical field of cables. 
Cable comprising a cable core, a first reinforcing rib isinstalled in the center of the cable core. Wire cores are installed on the outer walls of the periphery of the first reinforcing rib. A shielding layer is mounted on the outer wall of the cable core;a tensile layer is arranged on the outer wall of the shielding layer; 
a waterproof layer is mounted on the outer wall of the tensile layer; a sheath layer is arranged on the outer wall of the waterproof layer; the utility model discloses a high-flexibility torsion-resistant wind energy cable for wind power generation. 
First reinforcing rib is arranged, the toughness of the wind energy cable can be improved; the torsion resistance among the four groups of wire cores can be enhanced; and meanwhile, the reinforcing ribs II are arranged among the six groups of conductors, so that the torsion resistance of the conductors can be further improved, the wind power cable is effectively ensured to have relatively strong torsion resistance, 
the wind power cable is suitable for frequent torsion, the vertical suspended laying stability of the cable is ensured, the use safety is improved, and the normal power transmission of the wind power cable is ensured.
The invention relates to a rotor arresting device (1, 1') for a wind turbine (100), to a wind turbine and to a method for arresting and for moving a rotor (106) of a wind turbine.
The invention relates to a wind energy reclaiming device for supplying electricity for the endurance of an electric automobile, and an electric automobile using the wind energy reclaiming device.
The wind energy reclaiming device is characterized by comprising a plurality of wind energy reclaiming devices (1), wherein one part of the wind energy reclaiming devices (1) are mounted at an air inlet position behind an air inlet grille (2) at the front end of the automobile, collect wind energy and convert the collected wind energy into electric energy for charging the electric automobile; 
the other part of the wind energy reclaiming devices (1) are mounted at a tail mounting region (3) at the rear part of the automobile, reclaim wind energy passing through a tail part and the energy generated by turbulent flow and convert the reclaimed energy into electric energy for charging the electric automobile.
Each energy reclaiming device (1) comprises a wind-energy acquiring propeller (11), a motor connecting rod (12), 
a wind-energy converting motor (13) and a casing (14), wherein each wind-energy acquiring propeller (11) is connected with the wind-energy converting motor (13) through the motor connecting rod (12);
 the wind-energy converting motor (13) transmits the electric energy obtained from the conversion of the wind energy to a battery of the electric automobile through a circuit.
Provided are a solar wind hybrid complementary power supply system and a street lamp. 
The street lamp comprises a lamp pole, a light source and the solar wind hybrid complementary power supply system. The solar wind hybrid complementary power supply system comprises a solar cell panel, a wind energy generating device, a system controller and a cell stack. 
The solar wind hybrid complementary power supply system further comprises a detecting module, a remote terminal monitor and a light induction sensor module. The light induction sensor module controls opening and closing of the light source according to surrounding light conditions, 
and the system controller detects operation states of the whole system in uninterrupted mode and transmits the operation states to the remote terminal monitor.
By integrating the solar cell panel, the wind energy generating device, the cell stack, a lighting device and the system controller together, use rate of energy is improved. If the street lamp adopting a double-energy power supply system is used in a remote area, 
not only advantages of the remote area of being rich in wind energy can be fully utilized, but also the street lamp can be monitored and maintained conveniently by using the remote terminal monitor, and labor is saved.
The utility model discloses an air turbulence elasticity wind energy collecting ware, it includes that both ends all are provided with the open -ended mounting cup, 
the one end opening part of mounting cup is equipped with a support that is used for the fixed mounting wind energy collecting ware, and other end opening part is connected with a wind speed amplifier,
the wind energy collecting ware includes the cantilever beam, and the fixing support end of cantilever beam is pasted and is had a piezoelectric patches, and the free end of cantilever beam is connected with a choke, 
the positive and negative electrode of piezoelectric patches passes through electric wire and power management circuit, electric energy deposit equipment or uses electrical apparatus terminal connection.
This air turbulence elasticity wind energy collecting ware has solved effectively that the structure that wind energy acquisition device exists among the prior art is complicated, the problem of wind energy collecting inefficiency, and is applicable in the collection of various wind speed, and safe, reliable, environmental protection can provide real -time energy supply.
The utility model discloses a wind energy heating device, comprising an air duct and a fan, wherein the fan is connected with the air duct, the air duct is provided with an air outlet and an exhaust inlet, 
the inner wall of the air duct is provided with sheet metal, and the surface of the sheet metal is provided with a plurality of protrusions.
In addition, the utility model further provides wind energy heating and drying equipment comprising the wind energy heating device.
The wind energy heating device and the wind energy heating and drying equipment in the utility model can be used for emitting heat ceaselessly by fully utilizing circulatory wind energy in the air duct, thereby enhancing energy utilization rate, reducing unit energy consumption and production cost and being beneficial to energy saving and environmental protection.
The invention relates to a method for operating wind turbines (100), in particular of a wind farm (112).
In this context, the power-limiting mode encompasses the steps of switching off at least one ofthe wind turbines (100) and operating (40) at least one wind turbine (100) that is not the switched-off wind turbine (100), activating (38) a generator heating system of the switched-off wind turbine(100), switching off the operational wind turbine (100) upon or after the occurrence of a predefined event, in particular once a predefined time period has elapsed or upon reaching a predefined timepoint, and activating the generator heating system of the wind turbine (100) that has been switched off upon or after the occurrence of the predefined event.
The invention also relates to a wind farm(112) and to a wind turbine (100) for carrying out such a method.
The invention discloses a stirring heating device capable of tracking the maximum wind energy utilization rate. The stirring heating device comprises a wind turbine, a gearbox, a heating device, a circulating pump, a heat exchanger and a stirring working medium. 
The stirring heating device is characterized in that signals collected by a wind speed sensor and a rotation speed sensor are input to aprogrammable logic controller (PLC) to be processed, then, output signals control a motor to drive the circulating pump, and the stirring working medium is conveyed from the heat exchanger to the heating device; 
the rotation speed of the wind turbine under the operation working condition is adjusted in real time, the utilization section of the wind speed is broadened, the wind turbine can operateat the optimal tip speed ratio under various wind speeds, and the maximum wind energy utilization rate is achieved through the wind energy stirring heating device; 
and the wind energy resource is effectively utilized, and the stirring heating device has important theoretical and engineering practical significance to sufficient and efficient wind energy utilization and has wide commercial prospects.
The invention provides a main wind energy testing method and a device for a yaw system and the yaw system.
The method comprises the following steps: multiple sets of wind direction data and corresponding wind speed data are periodically acquired; 
wind energy corresponding to a mean wind direction angle and wind energy corresponding to each of multiple preset wind direction angles are calculated according to the multiple sets of wind direction data and the corresponding wind speed data; 
the maximum value is selected from the wind energy corresponding to the mean wind direction angle and the wind energy corresponding to each of the multiple preset wind direction angles as main wind energy, and a wind direction angle corresponding to the main wind energy is obtained; 
and the main wind energy and the wind direction angle are sent to the yaw system to enable the yaw system to perform the yaw control.
The main wind energy testing method and device for the yaw system and the yaw system can realize accurate and quick obtaining of the main wind energy and the corresponding wind direction angle playing an important role in the yaw control, 
so that the data support is provided for obtaining of wind turbines yaw characteristics and design optimization of a wind turbine generator system.
In particular, the invention relates to a wind power plant tower with a lower tower section which is formed from a plurality of corner posts, and with an upper tower section in the form of a round tubular tower, 
wherein the upper tower section and the lower tower section are connected to each other via a transition body of the type mentioned above.
Disclosed is a method for operating a power train of a wind driven plant. 
The wind driven plant is provided with an operation manager capable of controlling at least one operation variable B which is important for the speed variator of the wind device at an expected value Bsoll, after the power train is started,
 the expected value Bsoll is limited by a maximum value BMax preset according to the output value W realized by the wind driven plant after the power train is started.
The present invention concerns a method for producing a wind power plant rotor blade.
To allow more efficient production with a high level of quality, the following steps are provided: provision of at least one mould, placement in the mould of a scrim with at least one core, 
wherein the core has an upper side with first channel portions and an underside with second channel portions as well as connecting portions between the first and second channel portions, feeding of resin, in particular through the first and/or second channel portions, until the scrim is sufficiently impregnated.
The invention discloses a kelp cultivation device based on wind power generation. Structurally, the kelp cultivation device based on wind power generation comprises an upper device, a floating board,a wind power generation device, a support rack, fan blades, wind turbine, a wind energy storage battery, and a lower device,
wherein the upper device is provided with the floating board, the wind turbine is arranged behind the fan blades, the wind power storage battery is arranged below the wind turbine, the wind power storage battery is fixedly connected with the wind power generation device through the wind turbine, and the lower device and the upper device are fixedly connected.
According to the kelp cultivation device based on wind power generation, the wind power generation device collects wind and converts the wind into electricity, a sealed flow control device agitates water, so as to exchange water to improve the water quality, 
a kelp clamping mechanism rotates the kelp when a magnet clamp block fixes the kelp without leaving trace, so as to further prevent fish and shrimps. The device has a simple structure and is easy to realize.
The utility model relates to an energy-conserving central air-conditioning system of domestic wind energy tower heat pump belongs to air condition equipment technical field 
it is by wind energy tower envelope, heat / cold circulation processing apparatus, and constitutions such as defroster, wind energy tower envelope passes through heat exchange coil and is connected with the cross valve, two other ports of cross valve respectively with the compressor,
the low pressure valve is connected, the port is connected with vapour and liquid separator under it, and the vapour and liquid separator export is connected with the compressor, the mouth of pipe was connected with drier-filter no. 1 under wind energy tower envelope passed through heat exchange coil to through the feed pipe, the solution pond, solution cocycle pipe, the solution separator is connected to the circulating pipe under the solution.
Realize not frosting when the ring temperature is less than 5 DEG C, need not the natural gas and the electrical heating all-weather heat supply refrigeration that does, the saving natural gas, conventional energy such as electric energy, green, 
the problem of prior art unable normal operation of seriously frosting when ring temperature is less than 5 DEG C, both consumed a large amount of natural gas and electric energy, cause environmental pollution, increase energy spending again is solved.
The utility model discloses a combined type wind energy collector all sets gradually electrode layer and polymer layer through the upper and lower surface at T type structure frame, and the last downside of T type structure frame all corresponds and is provided with a piezoelectricity cantilever beam, 
and one side of the relative T type structure of piezoelectricity cantilever beam frame sets up the metal frictional layer on the surface, forms two sets of combined type wind energy collector of longitudinal symmetry setting.
This wind energy collector has combined piezoelectric type wind energy collection module and friction formula wind energy collection module.
During operation wind blows from the side to this wind energy collector, and the swing of action of the wind blade drives the piezoelectricity cantilever beam then and produces periodic luffing motion, 
and the inside positive and negative charge separation of piezoelectricity cantilever beam produces alternating current voltage output, meanwhile the electron flow is realized to metal frictional layer and the periodic flash liberation of polymer layer, forms alternating current output.
Effectively combine two kinds of wind energies in the piezoelectricity and friction mode of collecting, realize the high -power output of wind energy collector under low wind speed condition.
The invention relates to the technical field of wind power generation, in particular to a wind power generating system which comprises power generating units.
Each power generating unit comprises a wind duct and multiple power generating devices. A wind collecting opening is connected to each wind duct in the extending direction of the wind duct and is in a funnel shape, and the sectional area of the wind inlet position of each wind collecting opening is larger than the corresponding sectional area of the corresponding wind duct; 
each power generating device comprises a generator set located outside the corresponding wind duct and a wind wheel arranged in the corresponding wind duct; 
an output shaft of each wind wheel extends out of the corresponding wind duct and is in driving connection with an input shaft of the corresponding generator set, so that the input shaft of each generator set is driven to rotate along with the output shaft of the corresponding wind wheel.
By means of the wind power generating system, through the wind ducts and the multiple power generating devices, the land utilization rate is increased, the wind energy utilization rate is increased, noise pollution is reduced, environment pollution is reduced, and maintenance is convenient.
The utility model discloses a dual drive formula umbellate form wind energy conversion device, its structure includes the cabin, the bottom in cabin is equipped with bearing, pylon and base, the inside in cabin is equipped with drive generator and control box,
 the inside of drive generator is equipped with stator core, stator winding, rotor magnetic pole and rotor magnetism hub, 
stator core fixedconnection is in the inner wall of drive generator, stator winding fixed connection is in stator core's inside, rotor magnetism hub swing joint be in stator core's inboard, the rotor magnetic pole fixed connection be in the outside of rotor magnetism hub.
Through the design of dual drive generator, the speed that the wind energy was changeed can have effectually been accelerated to increase wind transformation of energy volume, improved the utilization ratio to the wind energy,
 flabellum design through the umbellate form can effectually increase the area with the wind contact for flabellum pivoted speed, improved the efficiency of wind energy conversion.
The invention relates to the field of power engineering, and more particularly to wind energy installations which produce electrical energy by utilizing the force of an air flow.
A wind energy conversion module comprises a body (9) configured for movement along a guide belt (1), and, mounted on the body (9), at least one wind energy receiver (10), 
an actuator for orienting the wind energy receiver(10) relative to the wind and to the housing (9), 
and a control system, and also an electrical energy generating device (6) configured to generate electrical energy when the body (9) moves along theguide belt (1) and when a force interaction occurs with a contact guide (3) connected to the guide belt (1).
The control system is capable of adjusting the speed of movement of the module by adjustingthe braking force of the electrical energy generating device (6).
The invention provides high wind energy efficiency by regulating the speed of movement of the modules.
The invention relates to a wind energy aeration device for sewage treatment, comprising a power part, an air power part, an air storage part and an aeration part, wherein the air power part comprises a fan; the power part comprises an impeller; and a main shaft of the impeller is connected with a driving shaft of the fan.
The wind energy aeration device provided by the invention provides a technical scheme for utilizing wind energy as power to boost air so as to be used for sewage treatment and aeration.
When the wind energy aeration device for sewage treatment disclosed by the invention is used, the wind energy is utilized to drive the fan, boost the air and carry out aeration, so that a large amount of power consumption is saved, and the wind energy aeration device is environmentally-friendly, safe, simple, convenient, and easy to implement, and has great promotion value.
The utility model provides a provide wind energy air purifier for oneself, includes casing, wind power generation machine, circuit control device, electrostatic generating device and dust receiving box.
The dress is joined in marriage at the front end of casing to the wind power generation machine, and the dress is joined in marriage on the casing to the circuit control device, and the dress is joined in marriage through power transmission line and wind power generation machine to the circuit control device, and automatically controlled controlling means joins in marriage the dress through power transmission line and electrostatic generating device, 
and dust receiving box joins in marriage the dress in the casing, and is located electrostatic generating device's below, the wind power generation machine turns into the electric energy with the wind energy to carry the circuit control device with the electric energy, circuit control device control electrostatic generating device break -make electricity, 
electrostatic generating device produce static, with the dust particulate matter adsorption in the air to the electrostatic generating device in, the electrostatic generating device outage, the dust falls into in the dust receiving box below the electrostatic generating device.
Adopt the utility model discloses but with outdoor air in the clean room, reduce the production of haze.
The utility model discloses a wind energy water lifting device which comprises a wind energy conversion assembly, a gearbox, a power output shaft, a coupler, a winding roller and a winding rope, 
wherein the wind energy conversion assembly is connected with one end of the gearbox, the power output shaft is connected with the other end of the gearbox, the winding roller is connected with the power output shaft through the coupler, and the winding rope is wound on the winding roller.
The geothermal wind-driven generator has the advantages that a steam turbine and fuel are not needed; the power generation cost is lower than that of hydropower, thermal power and nuclear power; the utilization time of equipment is long, and the investment cost is low; furthermore, the influence caused by rainfall and change of seasons is avoided; the power generation is stable; the pollution to the environment can be greatly reduced; the geothermal wind-driven generator is suitable for various types of power generation in districts with geothermal resources.
The utility model discloses a composite source heat pump device for an airfield runway, which belongs to the technical field of heating equipment and comprises a heat pump unit, a geothermal energy heat supply unit, a solar heat supply unit and a body warming unit.
The utility model provides a composite source heat pump device. 
The heat pump unit and the heating body unit jointly act to provide heat for the airfield runway so as to remove snow and ice; the airport runway is prevented from icing and accumulating snow; a geothermal energy heat supply unit and a solar energy heat supply unit arearranged; solar energy, geothermal energy and air energy are combined; 
when the air temperature in the environment is too low; the solar heat supply unit and the terrestrial heat function unit independently or jointly act to provide heat for the refrigerant so as to ensure that the heat pump unit can still work normally; 
the heating efficiency of the airfield runway is improved, the application area of the composite source heat pump device is enlarged, solar energy and geothermal energy are clean renewable energy sources, and the operation cost of the composite source heat pump device can be effectively reduced.
The utility model provides a surface water ground source heat pump hot water and air-conditioning system which comprises a ground heat energy exchange system, water supply constant pressure systems, a water source heat pump set and a load heat exchange system, 
wherein two ends of the water source heat pump set are respectively connected with the ground heat energy exchange system and the load heat exchange system so as to form a loop; two water supply constant pressure systems are respectively connected with the ground heat energy exchange system and the load heat exchange system; 
each water supply constant pressure system comprises a chemical dosing device, a water supply tank, a water supply pump and a constant pressure tank; the ground heat energy exchange system comprises a pipeline extending into the surface water, a source water distributor, 
a source water collector, a sand remover, an electric water treatment instrument and a source water pump; and the load heat exchange system comprises a terminal used by a user, a load water distributor, a load water collector and a load water pump.
The surface water ground source heat pump hot water and air-conditioning system provided by the utility model has the beneficial effects of high efficiency, energy conservation, stability in operation, reliability, environment friendliness, cost conservation and the like by utilizing a renewable energy source technology.
The invention discloses a geothermal energy electricity generation and fresh water preparation system which comprises a production well, a recharge well, an arc-shaped condensation surface, water collection grooves and an evaporation tank, wherein the production well is connected with the evaporation tank; 
the bottom of the arc-shaped condensation surface is connected with the water collection grooves; the water collection grooves are connected with the upper part of the evaporation tank; the condensed water inlet end of the arc-shaped condensation surface is connected with the outlet of the evaporation tank; 
the condensed water outlet of the arc-shaped condensation surface is connected with the recharge well.
The invention discloses the geothermal energy electricity generation and fresh water preparation system which adopts geothermal energy to heat and desalt seawater directly, and has the advantages of being simple in structure, easy to operate, free of extra energy, low in operation cost and convenient to maintain.
The utility model discloses a geothermal energy that supplies new forms of energy to use heats water heater, insert pipe and microcomputer control device including the geothermal energy, the geothermal energy inserts pipe and heating system fixed connection, 
and heating system is connected with the shell body, install the fixed mounting seat on the shell body, and the inside of shell body is provided with geothermal energy heating device, be provided with the junction valve on the connecting pipe, be provided with the water flow control device on the outlet pipe, and be provided with the thermometer on the outlet pipe, 
the microcomputer control device is installed in one side of outlet pipe, and is provided with the power cord interface below the microcomputer control device, one side of outlet pipe is provided with control panel.
It all is that to adopt electricity and gas to add the heat loss energy serious that this geothermal energy that supplies new forms of energy to use heats water heater has solved water heater heating in the past through the mode that adopts the geothermal energy heating, 
and wink hot type electric water heater can produce high -temperature steam and influences a problem of water rivers when carrying out in the twinkling of an eye the rapid heating to water.
The utility model provides a surplus heat driven's of flue gas doublestage absorbs formula ground -source heat pump system, utilize the subsystem including flue gas waste heat utilization subsystem, heat absorption formula heat pump subsystem, soil -source, 
soil -source utilizes the subsystem to include shallow layer geothermal energy heat transfer device, heat absorption formula heat pump subsystem is including machine of heating and refrigerator,
the machine of heating is received discharging fume of flue gas waste heat utilization subsystem and the circulating water after the heat transferof shallow layer geothermal energy heat transfer device and is heated the return water of circulating water to the user of the entering machine of heating and heat the back, as the heat feedwater output of circulating water of user, is the refrigerator received discharging fume of flue gas waste heat utilization subsystem and is heated up behind the cold exchange, cool off the back to the user refrigeration cycle's that gets into the refrigerator return water, as the feedwater output of user refrigeration cycle water.
The utility model discloses a coupling of providing multiple forms of energyto complement each other, the utilization volume that both can adjust shallow layer geothermal energy in a flexible way, can guarantee again the user with can the demand, improved renewable energy'senergy supply stability, reduced surplus heat wave expense and thermal pollution.
The invention belongs to the technical field of geothermal energy, and particularly relates to a micro-bubble concrete special type steel pipe suitable for a geothermal energy underground heat exchanger pipeline. 
The micro-bubble concrete special type steel pipe comprises a micro-bubble concrete composite steel pipe, an inner pipe and an outer pipe which are buried below the ground, wherein the inner pipe penetrates through the micro-bubble concrete composite steel pipe and is positioned inside the micro-bubble concrete composite steel pipe, 
and the micro-bubble concrete composite steel pipe is located above a temperature balance layer; 
and the micro-bubble concrete composite steel pipe is adopted above the temperature balance layer, namely, the micro-bubble lightweight concrete special type steel pipe is adopted for the part, which is deep buried underground and has large heat loss, of a pipe network, so that the purposes of increasing the temperature and reducing the heat loss are achieved. 
The heat energy can be improved by about 20 DEG C through an experiment test, namely, the heat energy of 95 DEG C at the depth of 3000 meters can be collected and conveyed to the ground to bekept at about 80-85 DEG C, then the high-efficiency heat collection can be realized in the medium and deep layer, 
the heat loss of the upper layer can be reduced, and the influence on the biological environment of the upper-layer soil layer can be reduced.
The utility model relates to a hydrothermal type geothermal heating bathing snow melt combined system.
Including exploitation, recharging well, suction pump, return raise the pump, adopt irritate exchange valves, desander, heating heat exchanger, bathing heat exchanger, mend water heat exchanger, snow melt pipeline, bathing heat storage water tank, bathing end, 
bathing circulating pump, heating circulating pump, geothermol power water pipe, geothermol power one -level draft tube, geothermol power second grade draft tube, the tertiary draft tube of geothermol power, geothermol power tail waterrecharge tub, 
heating delivery pipe, heating return pipe, bathing delivery pipe, bathing demineralized water heating pipe, the soft water pipe of bathing, 
the utility model discloses a geothermol power cascade utilization combined system adopts the technology of " indirect heat transfer, adopt and irritate balanced ", draws heat energy among the geothermal water through the heat transfer techniqueand carries out the heat exchange,
and geothermol power tail water after the final heat transfer is through " one adopts one irritates " technological means, realizes having individual well heating load maximize, economic environmental protection, simple and practical characteristics 100% with layer airtight recharging.
A geothermal energy, water power, wind power and temperature-difference energy multivariant power station is mainly characterized in that the pretreatment processes such as decontamination heating and pressurization during traditional geothermal power generation are omitted,
the original heat energy of hot water or steam is utilized directly, and water power, wind power and temperature-difference energy are obtained and are used as driving force to complete the whole water power, wind power and temperature-difference energy power generation process.
Geothermal energy is utilized by outputting heat energy which can be continuously generated day and night to heat-into-powder conversion systems of all power generation units in a transmission and radiation mode through one or three totally-closed, leakage-free and anti-corrosion metal pipes to the earth surface from the position under the earthcrust and then back to the position under the earthcrust.
No hot water drop or steam or no pollution is caused in the whole process, and thus the geothermal energy, water power, wind power and temperature-difference energy multivariant power station is an all-weather power station which is environmentally friendly and safe.
Inexhaustible geothermal energy is combined with a thermoelectric power generation device having the advantages of being free of mechanical movement, small in size, long in service life and the like, and the pace of applying a high-quality power source obtained through thermoelectric power generation to the life and the industrial power consumption field can be effectively accelerated.
The invention discloses a device for manufacturing sea salt by utilizing geothermal energy. The device for manufacturing the sea salt by utilizing the geothermal energy comprises a work chamber; a ceiling is arranged on the work chamber; a water steaming chamber which is sunken underground is arranged in the work chamber; 
a crystallization plate is arranged on the lower plane of the water steaming chamber; a hoisting ring is arranged on the crystallization plate; a heating chamber is arranged below the water steaming chamber; a heating pipeline is arranged in the heating chamber; the heating pipeline is connected with a ground source heat pump;
a motor is arranged below the heating chamber; the motor is connected with the lower plane of the crystallization plate; a sea water inlet is formed in one side of the water steaming chamber; a filtering screen is arranged at the sea water inlet position; a crane is arranged above the ceiling; 
a scraping plate and a collecting box are arranged on the ground; a sliding rail is arranged below the scraping plate; an air cylinder is connected behind the scraping plate. The device for manufacturing the sea salt by utilizing the geothermal energy is exquisite in structure, convenient to use and low in cost, and the sea salt reaches the standard; furthermore, the labor intensity of workers is low, and the working efficiency is improved.
The utility model discloses a power generation device utilizing geothermal energy and solar energy. The system comprises a hot water well, a hot water pump, a first-stage evaporator, a second-stage evaporator, a circulating pump, a liquid storage tank, a steam turbine,
a surface condenser, a generator, a solar cell array, a direct current cabinet, an inverter, a booster and a high-voltage power grid, the hot well is connected with a hot water pump through a pipeline; 
the hot water pump is connected with the first-stage evaporator through a pipeline, the first-stage evaporator is connected withthe second-stage evaporator, the circulating pump and the steam turbine through pipelines, a geothermal water drainage pipe is installed on a pipeline connecting the first-stage evaporator and the second-stage evaporator, 
the circulating pump is connected with the liquid storage tank through a pipeline, and the liquid storage tank is connected with the surface type condenser through a pipeline.
The power generation device utilizing the geothermal energy and the solar energy has two energy conversion power generation modes so as to increase the diversity of power generation, can be adjusted within a certain range so as to achieve the purpose of maximum energy conversion, and brings a better application prospect.
The utility model relates to a geothermal energy technical field specifically is an electricity generation conversion device based on geothermal energy, including geothermal energy collection tank, geothermal energy collection tank right side is equipped with the honeycomb duct, 
and there is the generator geothermal energy collection tank top closely welding, and the end cover is installed in generator the place ahead, and end cover the place ahead scarf joint holds the axle, it links to each other and has delivery conduit to hold axle left side, generator the place ahead fixedly connected with radiator, the back flow is installed in geothermal energy collection tank left side, 
this kind of electricity generation conversion device based on geothermal energy is equipped with the back flow,when the operative installations, it just enables engine production kinetic energy to need condenser and geothermal energy to produce a large amount of vapor, 
the formation vapor because the heat of placing the condensing agent in the condenser and producing cold air and geothermal energy combines together, 
these vapor are if direct emission is then can cause the waste, flow back through the backflow, lead back the geothermal energy once more with vapor and adopt a department, make it reform the geothermal energy.
An embodiment of the utility model discloses a cold heat recombination system of geothermal energy air formula, it include underground heat exchange part, cocycle subtotal heat pump system.
Wherein, the air inlet duct is connected including underground heat exchange ware, underground heat exchange ware one end to the underground heat exchange part, and the delivery conduit is connected to one end underground heat exchange ware in addition, 
ground cocycle part includes the fan, and fan one end is connected with the underground heat exchange ware through the delivery conduit, and heat pump system is connected to the other end, and heat pump system passes through the air inlet duct and links to each other with the underground heat exchange ware, accomplishes the air supply and circulates, is equipped with in the middle of the air inlet duct and cuts a pneumatic valve, 
the heat pump system other end passes through the new trend backwind tube and the new trend blast pipe links to each other with outdoor fan.
To cut the pneumatic valve and open winter, and the air inlet duct that the new trend backwind tube got into heat pump system is followed through outdoor fan to the circulated air, through the heat absorption of air inlet duct arrival underground heat exchange ware, acts on through the fan and channels into heat pump system with the heat, and heat pump system is diligent, and the completion heats to outside building, to cut the pneumatic valve and close summer, 
and the circulated air gets into heat pump system through outdoor fan from the new trend backwind tube, heat pump system through the acting with the heat of outside building in outdoor air is transferred to to the new trend blast pipe, accomplish the refrigeration to outside building.
The utility model discloses utilize simple heat transfer system to derive buried heat energy, both improved heat exchange efficiency, reduced the use consumption again.
The entire system construction is easy, easy operation, low in cost.
The utility model discloses a pipeline sinking device for geothermal energy heat supply. Including a base, an annular bracket is arranged at the top of the base; a protective rod is arranged on the annular bracket; 
a rubber pad is arranged at the top of the annular bracket; a pipeline is arranged at the top of the rubber pad; a base is arranged at the bottom of the base, a motor is arranged in thebase, 
a gear is arranged on one side of the motor, an upper rack is arranged at the top of the gear, a lower rack is arranged at the bottom of the gear, a first pushing ring is arranged at the top ofthe upper rack, and a second pushing ring is arranged at the top of the lower rack.
By arranging the protection rod and the motor, the effect of reducing collision damage is achieved, the rubber padand the base are arranged, the rubber pad is used for buffering pressure between the pipeline and the annular bracket,
 the disc in the base compresses the first damping spring, the sliding block compresses the second damping spring, secondary damping is achieved, and the effect of protecting the pipeline from falling to the ground is achieved.
The utility model relates to a buried heat exchange tube component for a underground garage, wherein a plurality of opening slots with reversed trapezoidal sections are arranged on a bottom base layer, a waterproof plate reinforcement layer is arranged on the upper surface of the bottom base layer, 
a plurality of side poly ethylene (PE) pipelines are rotatably arranged on the side wall of a vertical support column by adopting a central axial line of the support column, a mixing box body is arranged below the opening slots of the bottom base layer, 
a rotating blade is arranged in the mixing box body, epitaxial embedded well branch pipes are arranged on the side wall of the mixing box body corresponding to the side PE pipelines one by one, and a main PE pipeline is arranged on the bottom portion of the mixing box body.
The buried heat exchange tube component for the underground garage is substantially applied in construction projects which are affected by the land and can not carry out a ground source heat pump, can fully utilize idle areas of existing garages, 
and scientifically and reasonably applies efficient, energy-saving and environmental protection soil source heat pump system under the premise that the safety and basement foundations and the functions of the garages are not damaged.
The utility model discloses an utilize pressure regulating system of geothermol power heating natural gas, including voltage regulator, geothermal energy heat supply subsystem and safe monitoring subsystem, the voltage regulator sets up between high -pressure pipe network and low pressure pipe network, 
geothermal energy heat supply subsystem, it includes water pump, heat exchanger and connected ground pipe laying, the water pump sets up on the ground pipe laying, 
safe monitoring subsystem, it sets up the second solenoid valve between high -pressure pipe network and voltage regulator includingsetting up the first solenoid valve between high -pressure pipe network 
and heat exchanger to and the fourth temperature sensor of setting between voltage regulator and low pressure pipe network, first solenoid valve and second solenoid valve are parallelly connected to be set up.
Adopt above -mentioned technical scheme, the natural gas after can guaranteeing to step down reaches the defeated requirement of pipe, and this security of system, reliable.
The utility model discloses a but geothermol power is high efficiency rotary filtering jar for recharging well, which comprises a housin, the top fixedly connected with motor of casing, the first movable post of output fixedly connected with of motor, 
the bottom of first movable post is run through the casing and is extended to the inside of casing, the inside sliding connection of first movable post has the slider.
The utility model discloses a set up the casing, including a motor, an end cap, a controller, and a cover plate, first movable post, the slider, second activity post, the fixture block, the filter, a bearing, third activity post, the carousel, the draw -in groove, the toggle mechanism, the dead lever, 
first fixed block, stir the board, the inlet pipe, the blow off pipe, the outlet pipe, the solar apparatus further comprises a supporting mechanism, the retainer plate, the cooperation of landing leg and second fixed block is used, 
the problem of current filtration jar is unstable hangs down with filtration efficiency is solved, this but geothermol power is high efficiency rotary filtering jar for recharging well, possess stably and the efficient advantage, the person's offacilitating the use use, the practicality of filtering the jar has been improved.
The invention relates to a large-diameter steel sleeve heat exchange device capable of extracting the geothermal energy, and belongs to the technical field of heating ventilation air conditioners capable of saving energy and reducing emission. 
The device mainly includes a ground source heat exchange well composed of a steel sleeve with the bottom being sealed, a PE inner tube, a filtering device, an impurity precipitation groove, a heat insulating plate and a water circulating flow diversion device. 
According to the connection relation, the steel sleeve is inserted into the ground, the ground source heat pump heat source side returned water is communicated with an upper end opening of the steel sleeve, and the PE inner tube is arranged in the steel sleeve; the filtering device is fixed inside the bottommost end of the PE inner tube; 
the impurity precipitation groove is formed in the bottommost end of the steel sleeve well; the heat insulating plate wraps the PE inner tube; the water circulating flow diversion device is arranged at a water inlet of the well and connected to the PE inner tube.
By means of the large-diameter steel sleeve heat exchange device capable of extracting the geothermal energy, the problem that a soil source heat pump system is large in occupied space is solved, and the heat exchange amount of a single-opening ground source well is greatly increased.
The utility model discloses a noise reduction device of a shallow geothermal energy air conditioner. Bottom plate, rubber pads are arranged at the front end and the rear end of the right side of the bottom plate. A first notch is formed in the front side of the bottom plate; 
a heat absorbing plate layer is connected to the lower surface of the bottom plate in a pasted mode. A sponge layer is arranged on the lower surface of the first asphalt layer; a water inlet is formed in the left side of the heating pipe; an air cushion is arranged in the sponge layer, 
a second asphalt layer is arranged onthe lower surface of the sponge layer, a polyurethane foam plastic layer is arranged on the lower surface of the second asphalt layer, 
a hollow material layer is tightly attached to the lower surfaceof the polyurethane foam plastic layer, and nails are arranged on the left side and the right side of the hollow material layer.
The noise reduction device of the shallow geothermal energy air conditioner has the advantages of being high in waterproof performance, good in sound insulation effect, capable of protecting a water pipe and prolonging the service life of the device, convenient to maintain and convenient to disassemble and replace.
The utility model relates to a water -proof component that is used for hot rerum natura tester of ground, establish the buckler between tolerant box and upper cover including the cover, the buckler is including setting up the membrane that shelters from between two lateral walls of tolerant box and upper cover to and with two water proof membranes that shelter from membrane sliding connection, 
water proof membrane and shelter from between the membrane uses and links to each other water proof membrane and opening and shutting of sheltering from that the symphysis connects / separate, uses the detachable closure continuous between water proof membrane and the tolerant box.
It can be waterproof tensile to set up between box and upper cover, and tensile conduct is emergent rapidly when running into overcast and rainy weather uses.
The utility model provides a surface water type ground source heat pump hot water and constant-temperature constant-humidity air conditioning system which comprises a geothermal energy exchange system, water compensating constant-pressure systems, a water source heat pump unit and a loaded heat exchange system, 
wherein two ends of the water source heat pump unit are respectively connected with the geothermal energy exchange system and the loaded heat exchange system so as to form a loop, the two sets of water compensating constant-pressure systems are respectively connected with the geothermal energy exchange system and the loaded heat exchange system; 
each water compensating constant-pressure system comprises a medicine feeding device, a water compensating tank, a water compensating pump and a high-level water tank; the loaded heat exchange system comprises a consumer use terminal, a constant-temperature constant-humidity unit, a loaded water distributer, a loaded water collector and a loaded water pump.
The surface water type ground source heat pump hot water and constant-temperature constant-humidity air conditioning system has the following beneficial effects that: as the high-level water tank is used as one part of the water compensating constant-pressure systems, the occupation area and the cost are saved;
as the surface water is adopted as the resource of the geothermal energy, the effects of being efficient, energy-saving and environment-friendly are achieved; and as the constant-temperature constant-humidity unit is adopted, the requirements of users on constant temperature and constant humidity of the environment are met.
The invention discloses a hydrate reservoir developing well group structure and method using geothermal energy. The well group structure mainly comprises a horizontal injection well and a comprehensive well, 
wherein cold fluid is injected into the horizontal injection well, flows into a directional communication well section of the comprehensive well on the top after being heated by a hot dry rock reservoir, and flows upwards back to a hydrate reservoir, the heated fluid flows into the hydrate reservoir through a perforation section to provide energy for hydrate decomposition, 
and the mixed fluid of natural gas generated by decomposition and the injected fluid is extracted from a horizontal production well section of the comprehensive well on the top under the influence of gravity and pressure.
According to the hydrate reservoir developing well group structure and method using the geothermal energy, heat of the hot dry rock reservoir is transmitted to the hydrate reservoir through heat transport fluid, at the same time, a plurality of horizontal well sections are chosen to improve the heat exchange efficiency, 
and deficiencies such as low heat utilization rate and high development cost of a traditional thermal excitation method are made up for. The hydrate reservoir developing well group structure using the geothermal energy has simple equipment and is convenient to operate, high in economic efficiency and capable of providing guidance for implementation of hydrate reservoir production increasing measures.
The invention provides a device and method for utilizing medium-low temperature geothermal energy magnetic levitation power generation and based on magnetic levitation power generation cascade development. The device is composed of a double-turbine magnetic levitation generator, an evaporator, a temperature increaser, a heat regenerator, a preheater, a condenser, a working medium tank, a working medium pump and a cooling pump, 
wherein a low-boiling-point working medium sequentially flows through the evaporator, a first turbine set of the double-turbine magnetic levitation generator, the temperature increaser, a second turbine set of the double-turbine magnetic levitation generator, the heat regenerator, the condenser, the working medium tank, the working medium pump, the preheater and theheat regenerator to achieve circulation and drive the double-turbine magnetic levitation generator to rotate at high speed to generate electricity;
a medium-low temperature geothermal water source sequentially flows back underground through the evaporator, the temperature increaser and the preheater to provide energy for a power generation system in a cascade mode; and cold water is provided by the cooling pump for the condenser to condense the working medium.
According to the device, the double-turbine magnetic levitation generator is adopted to absorb heat source energy in a cascade mode, the utilization rate of the medium-low temperature geothermal energy is high, discharge temperature of tail water is low, and the selectivity of the working medium is high.
The utility model discloses a distributing type new forms of energy power generating equipment, its structure includes operating panel, USB interface, circular interface, stereo set hole, display screen, wheel, louvre, heat dissipation case, handle, 
protective lid, switch knob, power generation facility, power generation facility includes sun ergosphere, watch -dog, siren, geothermol power ergosphere, battery, wire, rotation axis, flabellum, wire interface, protective layer, 
the utility model relates to a distributing type new forms of energy power generating equipment, it absorbs the heat toits sunlight to see through protective lid through sun ergosphere, the bottom is absorbed subaerial temperature energy by the geothermol power ergosphere and is imported into to the battery from the wire, 
thereby make its battery with its electric quantity deposit, make its rotatory drive flabellum pass through the louvre discharge with the steam of quick -witted incasement portion through wire biography electricity to rotation axis, can through absorb the nature with regard to the new forms of energy electric power storage of generating electricity, can more effectively use, and make the comprehensive utilization of new forms of energy obtain improving, the loss of resource has been reduced.
The utility model discloses a ground source heat pump air conditioning system, including ground pipe laying heat exchanger, cooling tower, thermal balance coupling device, source heat pump set, air conditioner water -circulating pump, air conditioner water knockout drum, air conditioner water collector and air conditioner terminal, 
ground pipe laying heat exchanger leads to pipe with the cooling tower and the thermal balance coupling device is connected.
The utility model discloses can carry out temperature pretreatment to geotemperature field to temperature difference when increasing ground source heat pump operation between heat pump host computer condenser and the geotemperature field improves outdoor geotemperature field 's heat exchange efficiency, improves system's reliability of operation, stability, fractional energy saving and economic nature.
The invention belongs to the technical field of utilization of solar energy and shallow geothermal energy and particularly relates to an agricultural greenhouse system based on solar energy and shallow geothermal energy.
The agricultural greenhouse system can solve the technical problems of high heat supply cost, poor heat supply effect, low energy efficiency ratio and the like of the existing greenhouse system.
The agricultural greenhouse system based on solar energy and shallow geothermal energy comprises a solar heat collector, a geothermal coil system and an underground heat exchanger system, 
wherein the solar heat collector, the geothermal coil system and the underground heat exchanger system are respectively connected with a heat storage device, a temperature sensor for detecting water temperature in the solar heat collector is arranged on the solar heat collector, 
and the temperature sensor can detect the water temperature of the solar heat collector and further control the whole greenhouse system to work.
The agricultural greenhouse system disclosed by the invention has the advantages of energy conservation, capability of reducing environmental pollution, wide range of application and the like, and can particularly perform adjustment according to regions and seasons to meet different heat supply needs.
The invention provides a ground source central air conditioning system which comprises an indoor radiating device, a user circulating pump, a screw unit, a water source circulating pump and a same-well circulating ground heat energy collecting device. 
The same-well circulating ground heat energy collecting device is connected with a water inlet end of the screw unit through a water supply pipe. A water outlet end of the screw unit is connected with the indoor radiating device through a water supply pipe. A water returning end of the indoor radiating device is connected with the screw unit through a water returning pipe and the user circulating pump. 
A water returning end of the screw unit is connected with the water returning pipe of the same-well circulating ground heat energy collecting device through a water returning pipe and the water source circulating pump.
The ground source central air conditioning system is small in occupied space, underground water is not consumed, operation is reliable and safe, cost is low, the using range is wide, and heat energy collecting amount is large.
The invention discloses a concentrating photovoltaic optothermal and geothermal energy cogeneration device which comprises a water inlet valve, receivers, Fresnel collecting lenses, a valve, a three-way valve, a multifunctional floor, a heat-insulating water tank, 
a direct current bus, a cooling water temperature sensor, a floor temperature sensor, a controller, a geothermal exchanger, a pump, a geothermal deep well and a geothermal shallow well.
Cooling water of concentrating photovoltaic optothermal can directly supply heat to a plurality of heating floors, and when a user does not need heating, the cooling water is stored in the heat-insulating water tank.
Geothermal energy is transferred to water in the heat-insulating water tank through the geothermal exchanger, and the hot water in the heat-insulating water tank is used for heating at night.
When the user needs cooling, cold water is fed into the multifunctional floor to achieve the cooling purpose.
The device can operate in the heating mode and the cooling mode, the problems of heating in winter and cooling in summer can be effectively solved, practical application is better met, and the market acceptability is higher.
The invention discloses a geothermal energy hay mower which comprises a steam-water separator, a rotating shaft, a rotating disc and a steam turbine. The right side of the steam-water separator is provided with the steam turbine, 
the lower side of the steam turbine is provided with a coupling, the lower side of the coupling is provided with the rotating disc, the lower side of the rotating disc is provided with a cutter disc, the surface of the cutter disc is provided with blades, and the left side of the blades is provided with the rotating shaft; 
the left side of the rotating shaft is provided with a left walking wheel, the right side of the rotating shaft is provided with a right walking wheel, and the upper side of the right walking wheel is provided with a hand holding steering handle. 
Compared with a traditional hay mower, the geothermal energy hay mower has the advantages that the steam turbine and the steam-water separator are added, geothermal energy is utilized to be converted into mechanical energy to drive the hay mower to do hay mowing work, 
other surplus energy does not need to be consumed, and the geothermal energy resource is unlimited, can be regenerated and is inexhaustible.
The utility model relates to a system that utilizes is stored to solar energy and geothermal energy based on snow melt road surface, unite heating system, antidetonation storage box and dehumidifier including solar energy and geothermal energy, 
antidetonation storage box is including four crossbeams, four stands and guard plate, and the lacing film of fluted shape is welded respectively at the both ends of crossbeam, has laid respectively on two inside walls of lacing film and has mentioned, sets up on the stand and mentions assorted triangle -shaped's hole, mentions that it fixes between two stands to peg graft cooperation messenger crossbeam with the hole, 
and the lateral wall of four stands and bottom are connected with the guard plate respectively, end face centre lays the belt shaft before the crossbeam, compared with the prior art, the belt pulley is connected to the motor through the belt.
The utility model discloses simple structure, performance safety, non -corrosibility can high, easily dehumidify.
An intermediate-depth part geothermal energy heating system comprises a vertical well vertically extending to the underground part by 2,000 m, and a butt joint well communicating with the vertical well, wherein the vertical well and the butt joint well are the same in depth. After the butt joint well is vertically downwards dug by 1,700 m, an arc deflection section is arranged to be connected with the part, at the underground position of 2,000 m, of the vertical well. 
Communicating casing pipes are laid in the vertical well and the butt joint well. The casing pipe at an outlet of the vertical well is connected with the heat absorbing side of a ground source heat pump through a water pump. 
An outlet in the heat absorbing side of the ground source heat pump communicates with the casing pipe in the butt joint well to form a closed circulation loop, and the heat exchange side of the ground source heat pump is connected with a tail end user.
The vertical depth of the casing pipes is increased to 2,000 m from the conventional depth of 100 m, the vertical well and the butt joint well are effectively connected in the deep soil, a horizontal heat exchange pipeline is established at the underground position of 2,000 m, 
a closed circulation system is adopted, softened fresh water efficiently exchanges heat with deep rock soil, and the deep geothermal energy is extracted to be used for building heat supply.
The invention relates to a novel geothermal and optothermal cogeneration system, which is characterized by comprising a geothermal evaporator, a solar overheater, a prime motor, a prime motor exhaust port, a working medium compression device, an air-cooling radiator, a liquid storage tank and a working medium booster pump. The solar overheater, the prime motor, the prime motor exhaust port, the working medium compression device, the air-cooling radiator, the liquid storage tank and the working medium booster pump are sequentially communicated with the geothermal evaporator; 
and the prime motor is respectively communicated with the working medium compression device and the air-cooling radiator through a three-way reversing valve.
The invention has the advantages that a substance with a lowboiling point is used as a working medium for power and refrigeration circulation, the medium-temperature and low-temperature geothermal heat can be used as a heat source for evaporation of the working medium, solar energy is adopted as an overheating source for the working medium, and the geothermal evaporator is arranged in a downhole. 
The circulating working medium is delivered into the evaporator at the bottom of a geothermal well for evaporation to absorb heat of geothermal fluid, geothermal hot water needs not to be pumped to the surface, the evaporation temperature of the working medium can be increased, well backfilling can be eliminated, corrosion and scaling can be reduced, and the service life of the system can be prolonged. Moreover, the system has a simple and reasonable structure and good economical performance in heat for power generation.
The utility model discloses a fluid pressure type track type rig on drilling coarse grain stratum, its technical scheme main points are including track assembly, tracked vehicle platform, stand and drilling tool, 
and still including setting up the support frame on the tracked vehicle platform, the lower extreme articulates in the frame of support frame, and the slope sets up and is used for electing the frame makes its oblique hydro -cylinder of accent that keeps vertical state, set up be used for taking the rack of putting the frame, 
the vertical connection of sliding on the tracked vehicle platform on the tracked vehicle platform the sliding of frame, connect in the frame be used for ordering about slide an up -and -down motion two -way feed cylinder, connect and be used for connecting the layer board of drilling tool and connect being used for the subassembly that aggravates that aggravates on the frame that slides on the frame that slides, aggravate the subassembly including connecting the load -bearing box in the frame and setting up the weighting material in load -bearing box.
The utility model provides a current just circulation longmen rig when creeping into the coarse grain stratum, creep into the lower problem of efficiency.
The invention relates to a solar energy and geothermal energy combined energy resource system, and belongs to the technical field of new energy resources.
The solar energy and geothermal energy combined energy resource system can effectively use solar energy and geothermal energy.
The system comprises a solar energy heating device and a geothermal energy heat pipe power generation device; according to the solar energy heating device, a turbine power generator set is arranged at the bottom of a solar energy chimney, the solar energy chimney is in smooth transition connection with a solar heat collection shed, 
the solar energy heating device is installed below the solar heat collection shed, a water inlet of the solar energy heating device is connected with a water outlet of a geothermal water pump through a control valve I and a pipe, and a water sucking opening of the geothermal water pump is connected with a geothermal water source through a pipe; 
and a water outlet of the solar energy heating device is connected with a water inlet of a biomass oil burning boiler through a control valve II and a pipe, and the water inlet of the biomass oil burning boiler is connected with the water outlet of the geothermal water pump through a control valve III and a pipe.
The invention discloses a compensation device and a method thereof based on a thermal-reservoir extraction-injection balance principle. The compensation device comprises a compensation water injectionwell and a production pumping well. A geothermal pumping device is arranged in the production pumping well, 
a water injection compensation device is arranged in the compensation water injection well,and a thermal energy utilization system is connected between the geothermal pumping device and the water injection compensation device. The geothermal pumping device comprises a water suction pump arranged in a geothermal layer, and the water discharging end of the water suction pump is connected with a geothermal outlet pipe. 
The water injection compensation device comprises a compensation waterinjection pipe, the bottom end of the compensation water injection pipe is connected with a pressurized box, a draining pump is arranged in the pressurized box, the water discharging end of the draining pump is connected with a combined water injection assembly, and a pressure regulation and control system is arranged in the pressurized box. 
The thermal energy utilization system is fixedly connected with a geothermal output pipe for heat utilization, the thermal energy of geothermal water can be used effectively by the thermal energy utilization system, water injection compensation is carriedout by using the controllable water injection compensation device, 
so that the pressure of a underground water well is maintained dynamic balance and more safe and stable.
A method for converting heat to electricity by exploiting changes in spontaneous polarization that occur in electrically polarizable materials is described.
The method uses an internally generated field to achieve poling during cycling.
The internal poling field is produced by retaining residual free charges on the electrodes at the appropriate point of each cycle.
The method obviates the need for applying a DC voltage during cycling and permits the use of the electrical energy that occurs during poling rather than an external poling voltage which detracts from the net energy produced per cycle.
The method is not limited to a specific thermodynamic cycle and can be used with any thermodynamic cycle for converting heat to electricity by thermally cycling electrically polarizable materials.
The electrical energy generated can be used in various applications or stored for later use.
An apparatus for converting heat to electricity is also described.
The invention discloses a geothermal energy cleaning device comprising a device shell.
Stabilizing blocks are mounted on the two sides of the upper end of the device shell correspondingly; an inner cavity of the device shell is provided with a connecting plate, and a containing cavity is formed in the lower end of the connecting plate; an adjusting device is mounted at the upper end of an inner cavity of the containing cavity; 
a driving motor is mounted at the lower end of the adjusting device; a telescopic rod is mounted on the lower section of the driving motor, one end of the telescopic rodextends to the outer side of the device shell, and a cutting device is mounted at the other end of the telescopic rod; 
connecting shafts are mounted on the two sides of the lower end of the device shell correspondingly, and moving rollers are mounted at the lower ends of the connecting shafts; and the inner cavity of the device shell is provided with a control device,
and the output end of the control device is electrically connected with the input ends of the driving motor and the adjusting device.
The geothermal energy cleaning device is easy to use and convenient and fast to mount and canbe conveniently used by a user, and thus great convenience is provided for the user in the using process.
The utility model provides a device for extracting and utilizing geothermal energy. The utility model relates to the technical field of geothermal power generation.Wherein the liquid inlet pipe and the air outlet spray pipe are communicated with the evaporation chamber,
a stirring assembly is arranged in the evaporation chamber, the top end of the stirring assembly is provided with a driving assembly used for driving the stirring assembly to rotate, the driving assembly is electrically connected with a controller, 
and the tail end of the air outlet spray pipe is further provided with a clamping fixing assembly used for being connected with an interface pipe of an external power generation device.
The utility model provides a device for extracting and utilizing geothermal energy. Geothermal energy is introduced into the evaporation chamber from the underground through the liquid inlet pipe; emission of steam is accelerated by utilizing the stirring assembly; 
the exhausted steam is supplied to the external generator set for power generation through the air outlet spray pipe, the clamping and fixing assembly arranged between the air outlet spray pipe and the generator set can effectively guarantee tight connection between the air outlet spray pipe and the generator set, 
the connection tightness is guaranteed, steam leakage is avoided, heat waste is avoided, the power generation efficiency is improved, and energy is saved.
The utility model relates to a solar energy geothermal energy moisturizing system of preheating, including the solar heating device, thermal cycle heat transfer system and water charging system, the solar heating device includes solar energy integrator, heat storage tank, the solar collector delivery port passes through the pipe connection with the first water inlet of heat storage tank,
the first delivery port of heat storage tank is connected with the solar collector water inlet, thermal cycle heat transfer system in ground includes geothermal well, immersible pump, heat exchanger, and geothermal well outlet conduit connects heat exchanger, is connected with heat storage tank second delivery port simultaneously, geothermal well return water pipe recharges to the geothermal well, is connected with heat storage tank second water inlet simultaneously,
water charging system includes moisturizing case, moisturizing pump, mends water tank water inlet and is connected with heat storage tank second delivery port, and the moisturizing pump is connected to moisturizing case delivery port, and the moisturizing is pumped on the return water pipe after heating users is connected at the mouth of a river.
The utility model provides high moisturizing temperature reduces secondary network and supplies back water temperature difference to reduce the loss of an entoilage heat energy, practiced thrift the energy.
The utility model is used for new energy automobile lower vehicle body rear wheel department is that the design forms according to the needs of new energy automobile body structure, 
and structure through changing orthodox car lower vehicle body rear portion has improved new energy automobile lower vehicle body intensity, has ensured riding comfort.
The utility model provides a new energy vehicle which comprises a dual-motor drive axle, the dual-motor drive axle comprises a first drive motor, a second drive motor and a main controller, and the first drive motor is matched with the second drive motor through a first transmission shaft of the dual-motor drive axle; 
the second driving motor is matched with a second transmission shaft of the double-motor driving axle; the main controller is electrically connected with the first driving motor and the second driving motor. 
The controller is used for controlling the first driving motor and the second driving motor to drive wheels of the new energy vehicle through the corresponding first transmission shaft and second transmission shaft; the wheels of the new energy vehicle are independent ofone another in driving, 
the torque of the vehicle is enhanced, mechanical parts such as a multi-gear gearbox and a high-power motor unit are omitted, the internal space of the commercial vehicle is saved, the mass of the commercial vehicle is reduced, and therefore economic benefits brought by the commercial vehicle are increased.
The utility model discloses a new forms of energy electric motor car car battery mounting structure, including the install bin, the bottom fixedly connected with bottom plate of install bin inner wall, the spout has been seted up on the bottom plate, sliding connection has the clamp plate between the both sides of install bin inner wall,
the inner wall fixed connection of spring beam and install bin is passed through to one side of clamp plate, and the equal fixed connection in both sides at the install bin inner wall back has a fixed block, the first slider of one side fixedly connected withof fixed block inner wall, 
one side fixedly connected with overhead gage of fixed block inner wall, the utility model relates to an electric motor car car battery installs technical field.
This new forms of energy electric motor car car battery mounting structure, can be in battery installation very convenient carrying on is spacing, and be very convenient when can take out after the installationsimultaneously, has reduced the waste of time, has promoted the efficiency of work for installer can make things convenient for quick and accurate installing, ensures the normal use of battery.
The invention relates to the field of charging piles for new energy vehicles, in particular to a height-adjustable automatic plug-in new energy vehicle charging pile.
The charging pile comprises a charging pile body, and a charging plug is connected to the charging pile body; a mounting plate is connected to the charging pile body, a mounting rod is mounted on the mounting plate, a rotating rod ishinged to the top of the mounting rod, 
the other end of the rotating rod is fixed to a sliding mechanism, a lifting rod is hinged to the sliding mechanism, an air cylinder is connected to the upper end of the lifting rod, and a piston rod of the air cylinder is fixed to the charging plug; 
a sleeve is fixed on the mounting plate, and the other end of the lifting rod is sleeved with the sleeve; a transmission mechanism is hinged to the mounting rod, one end of the transmission mechanism is hinged to the middle of the rotating rod, 
the other end of the transmission mechanism is hinged to a driving mechanism for driving the transmission mechanism, and the driving mechanism is mounted on the mounting plate.
The charging pile which is convenient in height adjustment and adopts an automatic plug-in mode is provided.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile honeycomb chassis structure, including vehicle chassis main part, group battery and the upper and lower circuit assembly who comprises thin wall honeycomb and upper and lower bounding wall, 
the group battery corresponds every the cellular unit that is located thin wall honeycomb respectively, upper and lower circuit assembly respectively including upper and lower foamed aluminum plate, connect at the upper and lower insulation board of upper and lower foamed aluminum plate medial surface respectively and connect the upper and lower panel at upper and lower insulation board medial surface respectively, 
the medial surface of upper and lower insulation board is connected with a plurality of spring electrode and wire respectively, a pluralityof spring electrode's front end correspond respectively with the group battery just, the laminating of negative terminal elasticity.
The utility model discloses a change traditional new energy automobile chassis structure, as an organic whole through a neotype honeycomb collection with power battery with the chassis of car, manufacturing cost has been practiced thrift to the quality of the wholecar that has significantly reduced, has improved the trafficability characteristic of whole car simultaneously.
The invention relates to the technical field of new energy buses, and discloses a bus stop board for a new energy bus. The bus stop board comprises a bottom plate; a display plate is fixedly mounted on one side of the top of the bottom plate; 
a storage battery, a display screen and a convenient charging box are sequentially fixedly mounted on one side of the display plate from top to bottom; a marking plate is fixedly mounted on the front face of the bottom of the other side of the display plate; 
a top plate is fixedly mounted at the top of the display plate; and a solar panel is fixedly mounted at the top of the top plate.
According to the bus stop board for the new energy bus, the solar panel is mounted on the top plate, clamping groove plates are mounted in the top plate and controlledto be opened and closed through a push-pull device and a sealing plate, the marking plate is mounted on the display plate, and thus the bus is parked on the appropriate position advantageously;
and meanwhile a box is mounted on the bus top, a lower guiding rod and an upper guiding rod are mounted in the box, the upper guiding rod makes contact with the clamping groove plates, board charging of thebus in the travelling process is facilitated, and thus the charging function of the bus stop board for the new energy bus is achieved.
The invention discloses a fixing rack for recovering and overhauling a waste battery of a new energy automobile. The fixing rack comprises a worktable, a base, a lifting rack and a mounting rack. Fourwheels are fixedly mounted at the bottom of the base, a box body is fixed to the top of the base, 
a supporting plate is fixedly mounted in the box body, hydraulic pumps are fixedly mounted in the boxbodies on two sides of the supporting plate, separately, a supporting seat is fixedly mounted between the hydraulic pumps and the box body, 
the worktable is fixedly mounted on the top of the box body, and an overhaul table is fixedly mounted on the top of the worktable through a second hydraulic cylinder.
By arranging a series of structures, the fixing rack has the advantages that waste batterieswhich are relatively large in size and weight can be overhauled by a user of service more conveniently in a using process of the fixing rack, 
the height of the fixing rack can be adjusted according to the actual size of the waste battery of the new energy automobile and the using habit of the user of service, the user of service can move the fixing rack more conveniently and the like. The using process is optimized.
The invention discloses the technical field of photovoltaic panel adjusting, and provides a solar photovoltaic panel adjusting device for a new energy car. The device comprises a folding box body, thefolding box body comprises an upper box body and a lower box body with the upper portion and the lower portion clamped and fixed, 
a fixed type solar photovoltaic panel is arranged on the top of the upper box body, a telescopic folding type photovoltaic panel adjusting mechanism is arranged in the folding box body, and comprises a first inner box and a second inner box, 
and a telescopic frame which is telescopic and foldable front and back is arranged in the first inner box. The solar photovoltaic panel adjusting device can be conveniently mounted on a roof of the new energy car, when the carruns, the fixed type solar photovoltaic panel can carry out small-area power generation, 
during long-time outdoor parking, a user can control and open the folding box body, the telescopic folding typephotovoltaic panel adjusting mechanism can extend front and back and left and right, 
the sunlight receiving area of the solar photovoltaic panel can be increased, the power generation amount can be greatly improved, during running, the device is taken in the folding box body, occupied outer space is small, and the device is safer.
The utility model belongs to the technical field of new energy vehicles, and relates to a high-side driving circuit of a new energy vehicle, in particular to a power-adjustable high-side driving circuit with diagnosis for a new energy vehicle controller.
According to the utility model, the switching tube Q1 and the switching tube Q2 are adopted to establish a switchable power regulation circuit; the output end of the single-chip microcomputer drives and switches on the switch tube Q1 by means of the switch tube Q2. 
According to the utility model, the device is simple, the size is small, the device is convenient to install on a circuit board, the single-chip microcomputer is used for direct control, 
the control method is simple, the stability is good, the cost of the controller is reduced,and the controller is more miniaturized.
The invention discloses a new energy automobile water-cooled condenser which comprises a condenser body and a draught fan assembly. The condenser body comprises an outer pipe and an inner pipe which are fixedly installed in a sleeve manner, a refrigerant flowing channel is formed in an inner cavity of the inner pipe, 
a water flowing channel is formed in a space between the inner pipe and the outerpipe, the two ends of the outer pipe are provided with a water inlet connector and a water outlet connector, the two ends of the inner pipe are provided with a refrigerant inlet connector and a refrigerant outlet connector,
the water inlet connector and the water outlet connector both communicate with the water flowing channel, the refrigerant inlet connector and the refrigerant outlet connectorboth communicate with the refrigerant flowing channel, 
heat conduction fins are arranged outside the outer pipe, and the draught fan assembly is arranged on one side of the condenser body to be used for blowing air to or sucking air from the condenser body.
By means of the water-cooled condenser, the inner pipe and the outer pipe which are installed in the sleeve manner are used for achieving heatexchange between medium water and a high temperature refrigerant, heat in the high temperature refrigerant is conveniently recovered, utilization of thermal energy in a new energy automobile is morereasonable, and the aim of energy saving is achieved.
The invention discloses new energy river water treatment equipment. The equipment comprises an equipment main body, wherein a deposition pool is fixedly connected with the side wall of one side of theequipment main body, an oxidation chamber is arranged on the side, close to the deposition pool, of the interior of the equipment main body, 
a stirring device is fixedly mounted on the inner top wallof the oxidation chamber, a water pump is in bolt connection with the end, away from the deposition pool, of the inner bottom wall of the oxidation chamber, a filter chamber is arranged on the side,away from the deposition pool, of the oxidation chamber, 
a filter is fixedly connected with the inner bottom wall of the filter chamber, a disinfection chamber is arranged on the side, away from the oxidation chamber, of the filter chamber, and an aeration pool is fixedly connected with the side wall of the side, away from the deposition pool, of the equipment main body.
The new energy river watertreatment equipment is provided with electricity energy by utilizing combination of wind energy and optical energy, so that the electricity consumption is lowered, and the equipment is more environmentally friendly, meanwhile can reduce the influences to the surrounding environment, and has better application prospects.
The invention discloses a new energy photovoltaic power generation bracket, which comprises a fixed base. One inner side of the fixed base is provided with a plurality of groups of bolts. A support rod is fixedly mounted on the top of the fixed base. 
A first motor is fixedly mounted on the top of the support rod. A first speed reducer is disposed on the top of the first motor. A first rotating shaft is disposed on the output end of the first speed reducer. 
A fixing frame is fixedly mounted on the top of the first rotating shaft.A bottom plate is disposed on one inner wall of the fixing frame.A second motor is fixedly mounted on the top of the bottom plate. 
The top of the bottom plate is provided with a second speed reducer at a side adjacent to the second motor.One inner side of the fixing frame is provided with a rotating rod. 
The new energy photovoltaic power generation bracket can track the sunlight so as to fully use the sunlight and bring a good use prospect.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile battery with a three-phase protection device. The utility model belongs to the field of new-energy automobile batteries.
According to the technicalscheme, the battery box is characterized by comprising a battery box body, box body side plates are welded to the periphery of the battery box body, a charging end is fixedly installed at one end of the battery box body, 
a three-phase protection device is fixedly installed at the other end of the battery box body, two sets of waterproof charging guide rods are fixedly installed in the charging end, and a battery device is fixedly installed in the battery box body.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile battery with a three-phase protection device. The three-phase protection deviceis used for protecting the battery of the new energy automobile; the use stability of the new energy automobile battery is ensured; 
the safety of using the new energy automobile battery is improved,the current switch is arranged, emergency braking of an automobile is guaranteed, the effect of the emergency switch is achieved accordingly, 
the two sets of heat conduction side plates are welded tothe two sides of the lower shell, the heat dissipation area of the lower shell is effectively increased, and the heat dissipation efficiency of the new energy automobile battery is improved.
The utility model discloses a new forms of energy electric automobile is with no oily electronic vortex air compressor machine, it relates to new forms of energy electric automobile field, the internally mounted of frame has the main shaft, 
the one end and the permanent magnet synchronous motor of main shaft are connected, the other end and the scroll compressor driving disk and the scroll compressor price fixing of main shaft are connected, the cooler is installed to one side of organism, 
the one end of organism is provided with the cooling fan cover, be provided with the electron fan in thecooling fan cover, the electron fan is connected with electron fan electrical joint's one end, electron fan electrical joint's the other end is installed on the control box, be provided with driving motor electrical joint on the control box,
the bottom plate is installed to the lower extreme of frame, one of bottom plate is served and is installed the compressed air gas vent, manometer and reliefvalve.
It adopts no oily vortex air compressor machine compressed air, satisfies car brake usefulness, and compressed air does not totally have oil, does not need lubricating oil, does not maintain the scheduling problem so there is not the oil change, and the structure is installed and use to adoption advanced technology's permanent magnet synchronous motor integral type.
The invention discloses a new energy automobile battery with a collision protection function. The new energy automobile battery comprises a battery box body, wherein the battery box body adopts a hollow structure; 
a first elastic semicircular ball is fixed in the center of the bottom surface of the battery box body; a first baffle is fixed at the top of the first elastic semicircular ball.
In thenew energy automobile battery, the battery is fixed at the top of a bearing plate, and a new energy automobile can be jolted up and down during driving, 
so that the battery can form pressing down force to the bearing plate, to shrink an expansion link and passes a pressure spring on the expansion link, primary shock absorption can be properly performed on the battery, 
and a second elastic semicircular ball can extrude a second baffle through the moving down of a straight rod, so that the compression spring is shrunk, and secondary shock absorption can be performed on the battery, the battery can be properly protected, and damage to the battery during collision is prevented.
The invention relates to temperature-adjusting and humidity-adjusting device applying a light-wind-hydrogen new energy system to a bean sprout machine, which belongs to the technical field of new energy application.
A photovoltaic power generation system, a wind power generation system and a hydrogen fuel cell respectively generate a surge of electric current during power generation, the three surges of electric current join into a surge of electric current with enlarged magnitude after passing through a conductor wire, a diode and a power conversion junction station, 
the surge of electric current with enlarged magnitude is input into the bean sprout machine as an external power supply after passing through a conductor wire, a controller and an inverter to provide power for a humidity controlling device, a water spraying device, a temperature controlling device, a temperature increasing device and a gas regulator which are mounted in the bean sprout machine, 
so as to create an environmental condition that the temperature, the humidity and the gas are suitable for bean sprouts to grow and develop, and beans positioned on a porous barrier are cultivated into bean sprouts in an environment suitable for growth.
The invention discloses a shock absorber for a new energy vehicle. The shock absorber comprises a damping rod, a primary shock absorber and a secondary shock absorber, wherein the damping rod is arranged at the upper end of the primary shock absorber; the secondary shock absorber is arranged at the lower end of the primary shock absorber;
the damping rod comprises a connecting sleeve, a regulating nut and a spring; the bottom of the connecting sleeve is connected with the top of the primary damper; the regulating nut is arranged on the connecting sleeve through threads; and the spring is arranged between the regulating nut and the primary shock absorber. 
The shock absorber is simple in structural principle, is good in damping effect, can effectively protect parts of the new energy vehicle when buffer force is too great, and prevents secondary damages.
The utility model discloses a test bench of electronic steering pump of test new forms of energy vehicle relates to new forms of energy vehicle accessory technical field, including oil tank, steering pump motor, choke valve, relief valve and flowmeter, 
the steering pump motor drive steering pump that awaits measuring, await measuring the steering pump the input port with tank outlet connects, await measuring the steering pump the export with the choke valve is connected, 
await measuring the steering pump with pipeline between the choke valve is equipped with the manometer, choke valve, relief valve, flowmeter and oil tank entry connect gradually.
The utility model discloses a test bench to the choke valve is as the load, carries out the load to the steering pump that awaits measuring, the flow in the whole return circuit of flow meter test, and the test bench of this application only needs manual control choke valve and overflow valve, 
and the delivery pressure and the flow of control steering pump that just can be accurate need not the control and the operation of load, have lightened operator's intensity of labour, make the loading procedure more practical simply.
The invention relates to a shock absorption device, in particular to a heat dissipation and shock absorption device of a new energy battery.
The invention provides a heat dissipation and shock absorption device, high in working efficiency, of the new energy battery.
In order to solve the technical problem, the heat dissipation and shock absorption device of the new energy battery, provided by the invention, comprises a first sliding rail, a first elastic piece, a first sliding block, a pull rope, an assembly box, a small motor, 
heat dissipation blades, a rotation shaft, a winding wheel, a second elastic piece and a sand box, wherein the first sliding rail is welded and connected with the top of the assembly box, the first sliding block is arranged at the bottom of the first sliding rail in a sliding way, 
the first elastic piece is welded and connected with a left side of the first sliding block, a left end of the first elastic piece is welded and connected with a left inner wall of the assembly box, and the small motor is connected with the bottom of the first sliding block by a mode of bolt connection.
By the heat dissipation and shock absorption device, the effects of simple structure, good shock absorption performance and high heat dissipation efficiency are achieved, and moreover, the heat dissipation and shock absorption device is convenient to carry and is low in labor and material consumption.
The utility model relates to an electric automobile fills electric pile, especially relates to a new forms of energy for electric automobile movable electric automobile fill electric pile.
The to -be -solved technical problem of the utility model is to provide a new forms of energy for electric automobile movable electric automobile fill electric pile that can remove, can reduce the purchase cost, can reduce area.
The utility model discloses an it installs in the eminence to fill electric pile with electric automobile to fill electric pile to electric automobile and control and remove and reciprocate, reached and to have removed electric automobile and fill electric pile, can reduce the purchase cost.
The utility model relates to a new energy automobile finished vehicle circuit system development tests technical field, specifically is a new energy automobile integration testing rack, including themaster test frame, the master test frame includes preceding rectangular frame and back rectangular frame, 
preceding rectangular frame with prop the back timber to the fixedly connected with left branch and the right branch props the back timber between the back rectangular frame, the higher authority portion and right branch that preceding rectangular frame's upper portion, left branch propped back timber, preceding rectangular frame prop back timber formation top rectangular frame, 
install the roof mesa in the rectangular frame of top, the below of roof mesa be provided with with the main tributary supporting bench face that preceding rectangular frame and back rectangular frame all fixed, 
main tributary supporting bench face below is equipped with and is located the plantago cabin of preceding rectangular frame front side and being located the car rear deck of back rectangular frame front side, 
main tributary supporting bench face below is located the plantago cabin with be formed with the vehicle bottom parking space between the car rear deck, effectively simulate the body structure and make the test structure more reliable.
The invention relates to a motor with a speed limiting function for a new energy automobile. The motor comprises a housing, a rotating shaft, a rotor, two stators and four ventilating ports, wherein aspeed reduction mechanism and two dust removing mechanisms are arranged in the housing; 
the speed reduction mechanism comprises a speed reduction plate and two speed reduction assemblies; each speedreduction assembly comprises a first spring, a buffering plate, a guide unit, two speed reduction units and two limiting plates; 
and each speed reduction unit comprises a connecting block, a driven block, a transmission rod, a positioning rod, a second spring and two positioning block. According to the motor, the rotating speed of the motor is controlled to be within the load range of the motor through the speed reduction mechanism, 
so that the damage of overload running to the motor can be reduced, and thus the service life of the motor is prolonged; 
and heat can be dissipated through the ventilating ports, and dust at the ventilating ports is removed through the dust removing mechanisms, thus the dust is prevented from entering the housing to influence the heat dissipating of the motor,and as a result, the practicability of the motor can be improved.
The invention discloses a thermal management system of a new energy vehicle. The thermal management system comprises a cab air conditioner module, a motor cooling module, a battery temperature controlling module, a front end heat dissipating module and a thermal management controlling module;
the cab air conditioner module, the motor cooling module, the battery temperature controlling module and the front end heat dissipating module are all connected with the thermal management controlling module; 
and the thermal management controlling module judges whether requirements are met or not according to received information of the cab temperature, the cab humidity, the battery pack temperature, the battery pack humidity, the motor internal temperature and the power cabinet internal temperature, and thermal management controlling module controls all the modules to work according to the judging result.
With adoption of the thermal management system of the new energy vehicle, coupling of an air conditioner, a motor and a battery can be effectively achieved, and meanwhile, the number of controllers is reduced to one, and not only can the energy utilization rate be improved, but also the cost can be reduced.
The utility model discloses a robot that charges automatically for new energy automobile, including shell, sensor module, control module, drive module, the module of charging, power module, 
control module connects sensor module, drive module respectively, the module of charging, controls the work of each module, 
sensor module includes at least an in laser rangefinder sensor, temperature sensor, gyroscope sensor, acceleration sensor, odometer sensor, ultrasonic sensor, the dropproof sensor, 
control module mainly includes central control unit CPU, memory, peripheral circuit, and central controlunit CPU connects memory, peripheral circuit respectively,
electrical apparatus and communication connect the module of charging, lifting mechanism including charging.
The utility model provides a robot that charges automatically for new energy automobile can realize charging to the automation of new forms of energy, and convenient to use avoids maintaining, can accomplish to increase substantially current charging system's intelligent level, reduces the cost of labor, saves time.
The invention discloses an outdoor garbage can based on new energy. The outdoor garbage can based on new energy comprises a base, the top part of the base is fixedly connected with the garbage can, the garbage can comprises a recyclable bin and a unrecyclable bin, 
the two sides of the top part of the garbage can are fixedly connected with rotating seats, the surfaces of the two rotating seats arerotationally connected with bin covers, the surfaces of the bin covers are fixedly connected with pull ropes, the two sides of the garbage bin are fixedly connected with fixed pulleys, 
the surfaces ofthe fixed pulleys are connected with the surfaces of the pull ropes in a sliding manner, the outer part of the garbage bin is sleeved with a sliding sleeve, and the outdoor garbage can based on new energy relates to the technical field of garbage bins.
According to the outdoor garbage can based on new energy, through the coordination of the above structure, the indirect coordination of a pedal and the pull ropes is used, then through the coordination of a motor and a reel can simply make the bin covers be turned up angle, 
manual turning up does not be needed, not only the operation is simple,but also the cost is low, at the same time, the garbage in the garbage can is crushed, and the internal space utilization rate is improved
The invention discloses a high-voltage architecture system and a charging system of new-energy vehicles. The high-voltage architecture system comprises energy storage equipment, high-voltage load equipment and a first controllable switch. 
A first end of the energy storage equipment is connected with a first end of the first controllable switch while a common end is used for connection with a firstend of external charging equipment, a second end of the first controllable switch is connected with a first end of the high-voltage load equipment, 
and a second end of the energy storage equipment isconnected with a second end of the high-voltage load equipment while the common end is used for connection with a second end of the external charging equipment. 
The first end of the energy storage equipment is connected with the first end of the first controllable switch while the common end is used for connection with the first end of external charging equipment, 
a charging process and a discharging process are separated, and the first controllable switch only bears discharging current, so that technical requirements of the first controllable switch are reduced, and cost reduction is realized.
In addition, the high-voltage architecture system and the charging system are simple in structure and convenient to implement.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile does not have key logging in belongs to car technical field, type system, main door handle fingerprint identification module, door touch switch system, door electromagnetic door including well accuse fingerprint and inhale lock, door micro -gap switch and control system, 
control system, including controller, automobile body control module and well accuse control module, the controller links to each other with ECU, well accuse control module links to each other with automobile body control module,
control system types system, main door handlefingerprint identification module, door touch switch system with well accuse fingerprint respectively, door electromagnetic door inhales the lock and door micro -gap switch links to each other.
The utility model provides a new energy automobile fingerprint identification does not have key logging in, adopts the dual verification system to car owner's identity and vehicle key, 
simultaneously, addsdoor touch switch system, through the linkage relation of main body entrance door with other doors, has improved the convenience that other doors were opened, has further improved the security that the door was opened simultaneously yet.
A power assembly test system used for a new energy automobile belongs to the new energy automobile technology field.
The system comprises a power assembly test bench, a power cell, a cell manager, a motor controller, a whole automobile controller, a dynamometer control platform, a safety monitoring platform and a direct current power supply.
The power assembly test bench comprises a motor, a decelerator and a test assembly detecting the motor and the decelerator. The power cell is connected to the motor controller and the cell manager respectively. 
The motor controller is connected to a motor and the whole automobile controller respectively. The whole automobile controller is connected to the cell manager, the dynamometer control platform, the safety monitoring platform and the direct current power supply respectively.
In the invention, three electric systems are debugged in a combined mode so that an independent function of testing each component can be realized, complexity of real automobile integration road condition is considered and the whole automobile does not need to be carried. 
Through carrying out testing on the bench, safety and reliability of a power core system can be fully verified in advance.
The utility model discloses a power battery cooling system of new forms of energy passenger train, including the battery box and with the circulation wind channel of battery box intercommunication, 
the battery box forms inclosed cavity with the circulation wind channel, it has coolant to fill in the cavity to annotate, is provided with the radiator that is used for carrying on the heat exchange on the circulation wind channel, 
radiator and outside air conditioning system's evaporimeter is near the setting, on the circulation wind channel and lie in and be provided with the drive fan between battery box and the radiator this power battery cooling system makes battery box inside isolated with the outside air, 
on the one hand, avoid the moisture and dust entering battery box in the air inside, improve the reliability, on the other hand prevents outside air aggravation power battery's when the unexpected burning of power battery burning, avoids in gas after the burning falls to arrange to get into the carriage assurance passenger safety simultaneously 
this scheme still discloses a new forms of energy passenger train, through adopting and outside air rupturable power battery cooling system the driving reliability and the security that improve the new forms of energy passenger train
The invention relates to a new energy resource automobile air conditioning system facilitating filter element replacement. The new energy resource automobile air conditioning system facilitating filter element replacement comprises a main body, a filter element, a replacement opening and two ventilation openings and also comprises a putaway mechanism and two packaging mechanisms,
wherein the putaway mechanism comprises a guiding rod, a driving assembly, a sliding block, a supporting assembly, a fixing rod, a fixing sleeve, a power plate, a connecting rod, movable wheels, a first spring and a friction block,
and each packaging mechanism comprises a supporting plate, a lifting rod, a first air cylinder, a second air cylinder, a material receiving cylinder, adhesive tapes, an adsorption assembly, a lifting sleeve, a blade and a second spring. 
According to the new energy resource automobile air conditioning system facilitating filter element replacement, the filter element can be automatically moved out of the main body through the putaway mechanism and meanwhile can be also moved into the main body, accordingly the filter element replacement efficiency of the air conditioning system is improved, 
the adhesive tapes can be adhered to two sides of the filter element, accordingly the probability can be reduced that dust on the filter element falls into an automobile, and the inside ofthe new energy resource automobile can be kept clean.
The invention relates to a wind power generation charging pile for charging a new-energy vehicle. The wind power generation charging pile comprises a shell body, a ceiling, a circuit assembly, a powergeneration mechanism and a charging mechanism, wherein the power generation mechanism comprises a driving assembly and a generator;
the driving assembly comprises a first rotating shaft, a connectingflange, blades and supporting frames; the charging mechanism comprises a plurality of charging assemblies; and the charging assemblies comprise automatic cable take-up devices and charging heads.
According to the wind power generation charging pile for charging a new-energy vehicle, the power generation mechanism can charge the circuit assembly by using wind energy, and the charging mechanism cancharge the vehicle with the electric energy accumulated in the circuit assembly.
Besides, the charging pile can also charge through solar energy, and the unique cleaning assembly can periodically clean a solar panel under the action of the driving assembly in the power generation mechanism to guarantee the power generation efficiency.
The invention discloses a heat exchange module of a new-energy vehicle. The heat exchange module comprises a shell. Outer pipes and inner pipes which are fixed to one another are arranged in the shell, the inner pipes are nested in the outer pipes, refrigerant flow channels are formed by inner cavities of the inner pipes, 
heat exchange medium flow channels are formed by spaces between the inner pipes and the outer pipes, PTC (positive temperature coefficient) heating assemblies are coated on the outer pipes, a refrigerant inlet, a refrigerant outlet, a heat exchange medium inlet and a heat exchange medium outlet are formed in the shell, 
the refrigerant flow channels are communicated with the refrigerant inlet and the refrigerant outlet, the heat exchange medium flow channels are communicated with the heat exchange medium inlet and the heat exchange medium outlet, and a controller is further arranged on the shell and is electrically connected with the PTC heating assemblies.
The heat exchange module has the advantages that the heat exchange module is reasonable in structure, cooling can be carried out by the aid of low-temperature refrigerants and heat exchange media, or the heat exchange media can be heated by the PTC heating assemblies;
the heat exchange media can be used for heating or cooling batteries of the vehicle and also can be used for dissipating heat for motors and electric control of the new-energy vehicle.
The invention discloses a new energy vehicle public charging pile, and belongs to the technical field of new energy vehicles. The new energy vehicle public charging pile comprises a box body, a security door is hinged to the box body, and a groove is formed in the security door; 
the groove is provided with a fingerprint identifier, an electronic lock is disposed on the security door, and the security door is internally provided with a microprocessor and an electronic lock controller;
the fingerprint identifier, the microprocessor, the electronic lock controller and the electronic lock are sequentially and electrically connected, a control console is arranged in the box body, an operation panel is disposed on the control console, 
and the operation panel is provided with a touch screen, an IC card swipe area and a payment code scan area; and a charging head is connected to the side wall of the control console.
The new energy vehicle public charging pile has reasonable design, the new energy vehicle public charging pile is not easy to camouflage, is difficult to counterfeit, has high stability, and greatly reduces the probability of deliberate destruction of the charging pile.
The invention relates to a new energy vehicle with an efficient solar power generation function. A shell is provided with a solar mechanism, wherein the solar mechanism comprises a top plate, a bracket, a sliding plate, a sliding assembly and a fixed assembly; 
and a working power supply circuit comprises an integrated circuit, a first capacitor, a second capacitor, a third capacitor, a fourth capacitor, a fifth capacitor, a sixth capacitor, a first resistor, a second resistor, a third resistor, a fourth resistor, an inductor, a diode and a field-effect tube. 
The new energy vehicle with the efficient solar power generation function controls the sliding plate to slide out through a PLC when stopping, thereby increasing the irradiation area of the sun, increasing the generating capacity and prolonging the life of a battery. 
According to the working power supply circuit, stable output of power supply voltage is achieved through on-off control on the field-effect tube, 
and meanwhile, detection feedback is carried out on output voltage, thereby further improving the stability of the power supply voltage and improving the reliability of the working power supply circuit.
The utility model discloses a new energy power vehicle, which comprises a vehicle body, a motor, electric equipment, a flexible solar cell film, a controller and a storage battery, wherein the motor and the electric equipment are arranged on the vehicle body; the flexible solar cell film is attached to the outer surface of the vehicle body; 
the controller is arranged on the vehicle body, the input end of the controller is connected with the flexible solar cell film, and the control end of the controller is connected with the motor and the electric equipment respectively; 
and the storage battery is arranged on the vehicle body and connected with the output end of the controller.
A wind driven generator is arranged above the roof of the vehicle body and connected with the input end of the controller.
Two energy sources, namely solar energy and wind energy, are used as power sources of the vehicle and are inexhaustible, so the energy lacking problem is solved, the running cost of the vehicle is reduced, the vehicle has no exhaust emission, and the living environment of people is improved.
The utility model discloses a multipurpose new forms of energy intelligent engine, including oil supply unit, fuel power device, air feeder, gas power device, power supply unit, motor, derailleur, fuel monitoring devices etc, 
one side of oil supply unit is provided with air feeder, one side of air feeder is provided with power supply unit, the play oil pipe of oil pump is through quick -witted oilpipe and oil cooler intercommunication, 
there is oil cleaner one side of oil cooler through quick -witted oil pipe intercommunication.
This multipurpose new forms of energy engine with better function, intelligent degree is higher, and security and reliability are higher, 
the drive of three kinds of power supplies has been realized, through the intelligent power control of main control computer to fuel power device, gas power device and the motor of this multipurpose new forms of energy engine through setting up for this multipurpose new forms of energy engine more energy -conserving, more environmental protection, power conversion efficiency is higher.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile battery. The battery comprises a battery shell, a mounting damping structure, a temperature adjusting structure and a sealing structure, the upper end of the battery shell is of an opening structure; a leaking hole plate is arranged in the middle in the battery shell in a matched manner; 
the mounting damping structures are uniformly arranged at the upper end of the orifice plate; the temperature adjusting structure is arranged at a heat dissipation opening in the bottom of the battery shell in a matched manner; the sealing structure is cooperatively arranged at the upper end of the battery shell; 
new energy automobile battery, setting groups inside a housing, the occurrence of collision and damage caused by shaking of a vehicle body due to hard contact can be avoided; convenient installation, a safe external protective barrier is provided; 
rainwater or dust is prevented from permeating and cleaning due to untight sealing after long-time use, safe use of the automobile battery is guaranteed, the fault rate is reduced, 
the internal temperature is monitored in real time, it is guaranteed that the internal automobile battery can workin an appropriate environment, then high efficiency of electric energy driving is achieved, and the service life of the automobile battery is prolonged.
The invention relates to a new energy car with umbrella water separation and rainwater drinking functions. The new energy car comprises a car body, seats and a central control table and further comprises a water separation mechanism and a water drinking mechanism. 
The water separation mechanism comprises a shaking assembly and a spin-dry assembly, the shaking assembly comprises a driving unit anda shaking unit, and the spin-dry unit comprises a second motor, a spin-dry barrel and a two fastening units. The water drinking mechanism comprises a water drinking assembly and a flow distributing assembly.
In the new energy car with the umbrella water separation and rainwater drinking functions, through the water separation mechanism, rainwater on an umbrella is separated from the umbrella through the effect of centrifugal force, so that the situation that the rainwater wets inner decorating parts of the car and thus the riding experience is affected are reduced as many as possible; 
throughthe water drinking mechanism, the rainwater is purified for use; 
and through redundant heat energy in the car, the water temperature can be adjusted so that a car owner and a passenger possess a watersource which can be drunk at any time, more convenient and rapider effects are achieved, and in this way, the practicability and functionality of the new energy car are greatly improved.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile battery charging outfit, the upper portion of the cabinet body is provided with first square groove hole, the downthehole embedding of first square groove has the man -machine interface liquid crystal control screen, be provided with circuit module in the cabinet body, right side lower part from the internal charging wire of having drawn forth of cabinet of the cabinet body,
the outside end of charging wire is connected with and fills electric gun, circuit module is connected to the inside end of charging wire, the right side upper portion of the cabinet body is provided with second square groove hole, 
the second square groove is downthehole be provided with with fill that the electric gun cooperation is connected fill the electric gun socket, the left side edge portion of the cabinet body is provided with third party's slotted hole, be provided with alternating current charging socket in third party's slotted hole.
This practical beneficial effect: the utility model discloses be provided with the man -machine interface liquid crystal control screen, the man -machine interface liquid crystal control screen can be more audio -visual, and the convenient controls the battery charging outfit, 
and the left and right sides limit of the cabinet body all is provided with the scram switch, all can close the battery charging outfit through the scram switch under emergency to guarantee battery charging outfit and new energy automobile's safety.
The utility model discloses a charging gun head line pipe heat drying device of a new energy automobile. The cable thermal shrinkage device comprises a material conveying device, a thermal drying device, positioning assemblies and an extrusion mechanism, 
the material conveying device is arranged below the thermal drying device at intervals, the multiple positioning assemblies are arranged on the conveying surface of the material conveying device at intervals in the conveying direction, and the positioning assemblies position cables to be subjected to thermal shrinkage on the conveying surface;
the extrusion mechanism is arranged on a machine body of the heat drying device, the extrusion mechanism is arranged at the tail end of the heat drying device in the conveying direction, 
the extrusion mechanism stretches and retracts in the direction perpendicular to the conveying direction, and the extrusion mechanism extrudes a heat shrink tube at the end of a cable.
The utility model providesa charging gun head line pipe heat drying device of a new energy automobile, which can extrude a heat shrinkable pipe after heat shrinkage and increase the heat shrinkage degree of the heat shrinkablepipe.
The invention relates to a new-energy automobile with an automobile door rainproof function and a safe automobile backing function. The new-energy automobile comprises an automobile body, a shell, anautomobile backing camera, a rainproof mechanism, a demisting mechanism and a center control mechanism. 
The rainproof mechanism comprises a lifting component and a telescopic component. The lifting component comprises a drive unit and two movement units. A rainproof unit comprises a telescopic frame, a fixing board and rainproof cloth.
By the adoption of the new-energy automobile with the automobile door rainproof function and the safe automobile backing function, through the rainproof mechanism, the body and a seat are prevented from being wet by rainwater, a protection effect is achieved, the rainproof cloth is lifted so as to shelter persons at different heights, the new-energy automobile is better in rainproof effect and more user-friendly, and driving experience is improved; 
and through the demisting mechanism, mist on the automobile backing camera can be blow-dried, the situation that a new automobile owner is affected by the mist in the automobile backing process, and automobilebacking safety is affected is prevented, economic losses of the new automobile owner are reduced, and through all the components, the practicability and safety of the new-energy automobile are greatly improved.
The invention discloses a new energy vehicle control system variable naming method, which names a variable according to the module of the variable, and the function and the type of the variable.
The variable names named by using the naming method comprise four parts: (1) a module name specifying the function module of the variable,
 (2) a physical type name explaining an action range of the variable, such as aspects of temperature, rotation speed, volume, period and power for the variable, 
 (3) function description for describing a function realized by the variable, and (4) a data structure for explaining the structural feature of the variable.
The variables in the new energy vehicle control system are divided into two categories: calibration variables and measurement variables, and as for naming of the measurement variables, the data structure part of the variable does not exist.
The new energy vehicle control system variable naming method has the beneficial effects that the variables named based on the above method are extremely intuitively and easy to understand, the variable use difficulty is reduced, and the development cost of the new energy vehicle control system is reduced.
The invention discloses a new energy high-frequency inductor. The new energy high-frequency inductor comprises a box body; the left side of the inner wall of the box body is fixedly connected with a control panel; the top of the right side of the control panel is fixedly connected with a transverse plate; one side of the transverse plate is fixedly connected with a coil; 
one side of the coil is fixedly connected with one side of the control panel; the bottom of the inner wall of the box body is rotationally connected with a threaded rod, and the surface of the threaded rod is in threaded connection with a sleeve; the top end of the sleeve is rotationally connected with a bottom plate; 
the two sides of the top of the bottom plate are fixedly connected with fixed plates respectively; a pullrod runs though the fixed plates; and one end of the pull rod is fixedly connected with an extrusion plate.
The invention relates to the technical field of the high-frequency inductor. The new energyhigh-frequency inductor can perform effective heating and can clamp an object tightly to prevent from offset, so that working efficiency is improved, height adjustment can be performed effectively, and waste of time is reduced; 
and the new energy high-frequency inductor is relatively convenient to use, simple in structure, and high in practicability.
The invention relates to a safe and reliable new energy automobile motor with a heat dissipation function, which comprises a shell, a first air pipe, a second air pipe, a third air pipe, a fourth airpipe and two cooling boxes, wherein the shell is internally provided with a rotating shaft, a rotor winding, a stator, two control mechanisms and a plurality of fan blades, 
each cooling box is internally provided with a drying assembly and a plurality of baffle plates, the control mechanism comprises a driving wheel, a convex block, a rack and two control assemblies, and each control assembly comprises a moving plate, a first spring and a block. 
The safe and reliable new energy automobile motor with the heat dissipation function drives the rack to move through the control mechanisms and controls the moving direction of the block, thereby controlling the flow direction of an air flow generated by the rotation of the fan blades, and being convenient for cooling. 
In addition, the flowing pathof the air is prolonged through the baffle plates in the cooling boxes, so that the heat of the air is fully absorbed by a cooling liquid, and then the moisture is absorbed by the drying assembly, thereby enabling the dried cold air to get into the shell, achieving safe cooling and heat dissipation effects, and improving the practicability of the motor.
The utility model discloses a mounting bracket among new energy automobile electrical system installation unit, including base and a tight loop, the fixed mounting of the intermediate position of theupper end surface of base department has the support post,
and the upper end surface of base one side of being close to the support post is provided with the stock screw no. One, the position department that the rear end surface of support post is close to the top is provided with the connecting rod no. One,
the position department that the rear end surface of support post is close to the bottom is provided with the connecting rod no. Two, and the one end surface of no. Two connecting rods is provided with the tight loop no. Two, the both sides 
surface of support post all is provided with adjust knob.
A mounting bracket among new energy automobile electrical system installation unit, be equipped with adjust knob, slide opening and a connection piece, strengthened supporting the use flexibility ratio of pole setting, enlarged the application range of equipment, improved the performance of equipment, bring better use prospect.
The utility model discloses a new forms of energy electric motor car with prevent function of suffering heatstroke, including the electric motor car bottom plate, the bottom of electric motor car bottom plate is provided with the wheel, electric motor car bottom plate top is provided with the operation panel respectively, seat and water tank, 
the steering wheel is installed at the top of operationpanel, the top of seat is connected with seat cushion, seat cushion's top is provided with the roof support column, seat cushion is connected with the electric motor car roof through the roof supportcolumn,
the bottom of electric motor car roof is provided with a roll curtain plate, the both sides of water tank all are provided with water conveying pipeline, water conveying pipeline's top is fixed with the shower nozzle, water conveying pipeline's inside is provided with telescoping inner tube, the top of water tank is provided with the case lid, 
the back of water tank is provided with waterjet pump, consequently, this kind of new forms of energy electric motor car with prevent function of suffering heatstroke utilizes its powerful water tank, water jet pump, the shower nozzle, roll upcurtain plate and roll up the curtain plate handle and reduced the interior people's of high temperature weather electric motor car heatstroke rate and the problem of having overcome the inconvenienttrip of electric motor car thunderstorm weather.
The invention discloses a novel energy agricultural weeding machine capable of preventing frequent charging, comprising a box and a weeding machine body. A battery pack is fixedly connected to the bottom of the inner wall of the box; 
an isolation plate is fixedly connected between two sides of the inner wall of the box; the top of the isolation plate is fixedly connected with an electric energy conversion module; 
fixing plates are fixedly connected to the two sides of the inner wall of the box and to the top of the isolation plate; the facing sides of the two fixing plates are movably connected respectively with movable plates through arc-shaped grooves. The invention relates to the technical field of weeding machines.
The novel energy agricultural weeding machine capable of preventing frequent charging has the advantages that the battery pack is fixedly connected to the bottom of the inner wall of the box, the isolation plate is fixedly connected between two sides of the inner wall ofthe box, the electric energy conversion module is fixedly connected to the top of the isolation plate, 
solar energy can be used for charging the battery pack during using, and the problem that the working progress of the traditional rechargeable weeder is affected by frequent charging is solved.
The invention discloses a new energy ultrasonic welding machine ad relates to the technical field of machining.
The new energy ultrasonic welding machine comprises a bottom plate. A case is fixedly connected to the top of the bottom plate. A first motor is fixedly connected to the bottom of the inner wall of the case through a first motor base. 
The output end of the first motor is sleeved with a first gear. A lead screw is rotationally connected between the two sides of the inner wall of the case through a bearing. The surface of the lead screw is sleeved with a second gear. 
The surface of thefirst gear is engaged with the surface of the second gear. A first threaded block is in threaded connection with the surface of the lead screw. The top of the first threaded block penetrates throughthe case and extends out of the case. 
A welding plate is fixedly connected with the end, extending out of the case, of the first threaded block. The problem that products are welded unevenly in the welding process, and consequently product damage and losses of working cost are caused is solved.
The invention discloses an energy-saving burner based on new energy, and relates to the technical field of burners. The energy-saving burner based on new energy comprises a shell and a bottom plate, wherein a motor is fixedly connected to the back surface of the shell, 
one end of the motor output shaft is fixedly connected with a rotating rod, and the end, away from the motor, of the rotating rodpenetrates through the shell and extends into the shell.
According to the energy-saving burner based on the new energy, a fixing frame is fixedly connected to the other side of the top of the bottom plate, a two-way threaded rod is rotationally connected to one side of the inner wall of the fixing frame, so that the burner can be suitable for more working environments, 
the practicability of the burner is improved, partition plates are fixedly connected to the top and the bottom between the front surface and the back surface of the shell, gas and air are mixed more evenly, combustion is more sufficient, the combustion efficiency is improved, 
a motor is fixedly connected to the back surface of the shell, a turbine fan is fixedly connected to the surface of the rotating rod and located insidethe shell, the tempering phenomenon is avoided, and the service life is prolonged.
The utility model discloses an automobile -used electric -Driven air compressor safety of new forms of energy gassing system and braking system, wherein, electric -Driven air compressor safety gassingsystem includes electric -Driven air compressor, 
joint and electromagnetism safety bleed valve, it has the three above interface of intercommunication each other to connect, electric -Driven air compressor's gas outlet with the partial interface intercommunication that connects, 
the air inlet of electromagnetism safety bleed valve with connect unoccupied arbitrary interface intercommunication, when the electric -Driven air compressor circular telegram started, electromagnetism safety bleed valve was closed, 
when the electric -Driven air compressor outage stopped, electromagnetism safety bleedvalve was opened, braking system includes electric -Driven air compressor safety gassing system.
The utility model provides a electric -Driven air compressor that exists of the automobile -used electric -Driven air compressor of present new forms of energy and braking system break down easily, the problem of bursting easily takes place for fast, the pipeline of metal pipe fittings corrosion in the gas circuit, has simple structure, the reliability is high, the security is good advantage.
The invention discloses a new energy generation device which is structurally provided with a wind direction detecting device. The lower surface of the wind direction detecting device is connected withthe outer surface of a wheel well. 
When the wind direction is changed, an ultrasonic transmitter in the wind direction detecting device transmits ultrasonic waves, and the ultrasonic wave speed is improved when the transmission direction of the ultrasonic waves is the same as the wind direction;
 and conversely, if the transmission direction of the ultrasonic waves is opposite to the wind direction, the ultrasonic wave speed is reduced, so that under fixed detection conditions, the transmission speed of the ultrasonic waves in air can correspond to a wind speed function. 
 The ultrasonic waves are received through an ultrasonic transmitting and receiving module and then calculated through a central processing unit module, so that the precise wind speed and wind direction are obtained. 
 Then,according to detection results, a wind direction tracker is used for adjusting a wind generation device, and a rotary blade adjuster is used for adjusting rotary blades, so that the wind generation efficiency is greatly improved, 
 the power generation efficiency of the wind generation device will not be reduced when the wind direction is changed, and practicability is high.
The invention discloses a vehicle door used by a new energy vehicle and a corresponding vehicle door key. A new energy vehicle door and the new energy vehicle key are included; vehicle glass is fixedly installed inside the new energy vehicle door; 
a groove is formed in the front face of the new energy vehicle door; a vehicle door handle is arranged on the front face of the groove; the two ends ofthe vehicle door handle are fixedly connected with the front face of the new energy vehicle door; 
and a chip sensing device is fixedly installed on the front face of the vehicle door handle.
An unlocking chip of the new energy vehicle key is sensed by the chip sensing device, a door lock device inside is conveniently controlled to be opened by sensing between the unlocking chip and the sensing device, 
and accordingly the vehicle door is opened, the advantage of convenient opening and control is achieved, and the problem that existing new energy vehicles are generally unlocked through remote control or vehicle keys, 
the vehicle keys need to be supplied with power, the vehicle keys cannot be remotely controlled usually as power is off, and thus vehicle doors are inconveniently opened is solved.
The utility model relates to a new energy automobile fills the electric pile field, especially relates to an automatic new energy automobile of plug fills electric pile.
The utility model provides a can automatic plug fill electric pile with the new energy automobile who avoids human electric shock, solve current new energy automobile andneed hand the problem that the rifle body charges and leads to human electric shock.
The utility model relates to a new forms of energy electric automobile technical field.
The utility model aims to provide an environmental suitability new energy automobile battery heat managing system extremely strong, that can guarantee battery stability.
Including vehicle -mounted air conditioning system and battery cooling system, vehicle -mounted air conditioning system includes compressor, condenser and evaporimeter,
 and the battery cooling system includes battery cooling ware, circulating pump, battery heat exchanger, battery radiator and PTC heater.
Set up three solenoid valve betweenbattery radiator and the battery heat exchanger, the import of three solenoid valve's anti -icing fluid is connected with the battery heat exchanger, 
during two anti -icing fluid of three solenoid valve export one with the anti -icing fluid access connection of battery radiator, anti -icing fluid union coupling component direct current pipeline between another and battery radiator and the PTC heater.
The utility model discloses effectual cooling and heating can be carried out to new energy automobile's power battery, the stability of battery working condition is guaranteed for the battery canadapt to different operational environment such as high temperature, low temperature.
The utility model relates to a new-energy power system, belonging to the technical field of new-energy control and application.
The system comprises a new-energy power supply device 1, a maximum power point tracking (MPPT) circuit 2, a clamping switch and a current divider 3, a charger 4, an alternating-current to direct-current converter 5, a power regulation and control manager 6, an inverter 7, a mains supply 8, a user load 9, 
a system power supply 10, a communication module and an interface 12, a software module 61, an electric control switch A, a monitoring module B and storage battery packs C. Since an independent parallel working method is adopted for the storage battery packs, 
one storage battery compensates power to a charging circuit and a clamping circuit automatically completes connection and disconnection to realize automatic power compensation, the system is simple and convenient, investment is saved, efficiency is improved and losses are reduced; 
since the mains supply and new-energy power are planned as a whole to supply power, multivariate and multi-channel regulation, control and management are conducted, according to set safety electric quantity, not only can the economy of electricity be ensured, but also an effect of using electivity safely is reached, 
and particularly, the all-weather support of the mains supply and the safety emergency use of stored power are effectively executed.
The utility model discloses a new energy lighting device, include lamp montant, lamp base, ultrasonic insect repelling device, light fixing device, fixed chucking device, light horizontal pole, lightangle adjusting bolt, light, 
hang control box, storage battery, battery power monitoring device, stabiliser, treater, commercial power electric wire, data transmission line, remote control ware, the top cap that keeps off the rain, power device, solar panel connection carousel, first bracing piece, second bracing piece, solar panel and light sense ware,
lamp montant bottom fixedly connected with lamp base, and be provided with ultrasonic insect repelling device on the lamp montant, the power device top is connected with solar panel and connects the carousel,
solar panel connects the carousel and is connected with solar panel through first bracing piece and second bracing piece, the last light sense ware that is provided with of solar panel, 
this new energy lighting device can effectively satisfy user's illumination needs, and control is convenient, and is energy -concerving and environment -protective.
The invention discloses a charging pile capable of increasing new energy conversion rate, and relates to the technical field of new energy charging piles. The charging pile comprises a bottom plate, arotating sleeve is fixedly connected to the middle of the left side of the bottom plate through a fixed plate, and a controller is fixedly connected to the middle of the top of a working plate.
According to the charging pile capable of increasing the new energy conversion rate, the rotating sleeve is fixedly connected to the middle of the left side of the bottom plate through the fixed plate, theconversion rate of new energy can be effectively increased, 
an output end of a solar cell panel is electrically connected with an input end of an inverter, an output end of the inverter is electrically connected with an input end of a storage battery, 
an output end of the storage battery is electrically connected with an input end of a charging pile, so that the charging pile can obtain more electric energy from the solar energy, thus more electric quantity can be obtained when people use, 
and the problem that an existing charging pile of new energy conversion rate cannot effectively increasethe conversion rate of the new energy is solved.
The invention provides an installation positioning structure of a new energy vehicle battery box. By the installation positioning structure, the battery box is conveniently and accurately positioned in a corresponding electric box space of a new energy vehicle, and time and labor are saved during installation of the battery box.
The installation positioning structure comprises the battery box, wherein two rows of rollers are arranged at the bottom of the battery box in parallel, the arrangement direction of each row of rollers is arranged along a forward-backward direction of the battery box,the installation positioning structure also comprises a sliding rail seat, 
the sliding rail seat is fixedly arranged at an installation bottom plate of the corresponding electric box space of the newenergy vehicle, the sliding rail seat is arranged below a bottom position of the corresponding battery box, the sliding rail seat comprises a front-end stop rod and two side guide rods,
at least one guide block is fixedly arranged at a corresponding position of an opposite end surface of each of the guide rods at two side, the guide blocks arranged at the corresponding positions of different guiderods are arranged in a pair way, the paired guide blocks are symmetrically arranged about a vertical surface in the length of the front-end stop rod.
The invention discloses a solar photovoltaic panel adjusting device for a new energy automobile, which includes a guide chute, a bottom plate, a first sliding groove, a motor, a motor box, a water tank, a solar photovoltaic plate and a cleaning brush.
The top of the water tank is fixedly provided with the motor box. A motor is fixedly arranged in the motor box. The first sliding groove is fixedlyarranged at the top of the motor box. A first threaded rod is rotatably arranged inside the first sliding groove. 
The top of the first threaded rod is rotationally arranged inside the first sliding groove. The bottom of the first threaded rod penetrates into the motor box and is connected with the transmission shaft of the motor through a coupling. 
The left and right side walls of the first sliding groove are provided with vertical bar grooves. The two vertical bar grooves are arranged symmetrically.
The solar photovoltaic panel adjusting device for a new energy automobile has the advantages of reasonable design, compact structure, capability of being driven by the motor and realizing the angle adjustment of the solar photovoltaic plate and automatically cleaning the surface of the photovoltaic plate. 
The power generation efficiency is improved and the manpower is saved.
The invention relates to a motor used for a new energy automobile and with a high cooling effect and a dust removal function. The motor comprises a shell and a rotational shaft; a heat dissipation mechanism and a dust removal mechanism are arranged in the shell; 
the dust removal mechanism comprises a driving assembly, two static plates and two dust removal assemblies; each dust removal assembly comprises a lug, a transverse rod, a swinging rod, a transmission rod, a connecting shaft, two first bearing bases and at least two dust removal units; 
and each dust removal unit comprises a connectingplate and two brushes. According to the motor used for the new energy automobile and with the high cooling effect and the dust removal function, 
by virtue of the heat dissipation mechanism, the heat dissipation efficiency is improved, and the temperature in the motor can be maintained within a relatively low range, so that the motor operation can be more stable, and safety of the motor is improved; 
and by virtue of the dust removal mechanism, dust in the motor can be removed, influence of dust to the motor heat dissipation performance can be avoided, and influence of dust to the circuit components in the motor can be reduced, thereby improving practicability of the motor.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile's adjustable DC the DC converter, including the converter main part, converter main part below bonds and has the base, there is the picture peg on converter main part right side through spiral electric wire electric connection,
the welding of base one end has the fixing base, the fixing base top bonds and has the motor, fixing base right side fixedly connected with layer board, layer board and the smooth contact of connecting rod, connecting rod one end bonds as an organic wholely with the layer board lower extreme, 
the fixing base includes well vacant seat, pivot, gear and tooth -shaped plate, the connecting rod includes first plastic bar, damping pivot, cavity pole, sliding block and second plastic bar, the sliding block right -hand member bonds as an organic wholely with the second plastic bar.
The adjustable DC that should be used for new energy automobile the DC converter can raise the position of picture peg at the horizontal plane, makes the picture peg be close to the equipment of connecting the converter to conveniently connect, have better adaptability to fixed jointing equipment.
The utility model belongs to the technical field of the new energy automobile battery structure, specific saying so relates to a new energy automobile power battery gradual change formula heating plate, mainly is in order to provide a neotype new energy automobile power battery gradual change formula heating plate, 
and effectual realization power battery heating plate is the gradual change formulaheating process in waiting area region from the top to the bottom, 
the formula that should change gradually heating plate, including the power battery body, be provided with gradual change formula heating plate in the outside of power battery body, 
this gradual change formula heating plate includes and inside that sets up and be the heating resistor wire that different spacing distances were arranged from top to bottom at it, it is provided with the power connection terminal to connect on heating resistor wire, still be provided with the temperature measurement source block between last heat-conducting layer and lower heat -conducting layer, 
the temperature measurement source block is connected with temperature binding post, the new energy automobile power battery gradual change formulaheating plate that this novel structure provided, the effectual security performance of new energy automobile in filling the discharge process of having guaranteed, the service life of power battery'ssafety is prolonged.
The utility model relates to a new forms of energy technical field that is correlated with, more specifically say and relate to a new forms of energy solar photovoltaic device convenient to installation, including solar photovoltaic board, frame and fixed stay crossbearer, the solar photovoltaic board is located the frame, 
the fixed stay crossbearer is located frame one side, the frame comprises last frame and lower frame, and goes up the frame and lie in the lower frame upper end, it links to each other with the bottom surface board to go up the frame lower extreme, go up the fixed recess card that is equipped with in frame one side.
Through lug and the recess card that is equipped with, in being convenient for install into the lower frame with last frame, and convenient the dismantlement, 
through last frame and the lower frame that is equipped with, the hardness of reinforcing solar photovoltaic flange reason can effectively prevent the cracked of inside solar photovoltaic board, 
through the sealing strip that is equipped with, plays just waterproof effect of effect that frame and lower frame erection joint department fastened.
Through the sponge layer that is equipped with and the damping spring spare of multiunit, strengthen damping performance, reinforcing life.
The invention discloses an electric connector and a new energy automobile with the electric connector applied. The new energy automobile comprises internally-installedelectrical equipment. The electric connector is connected with the internally-installedelectrical equipment. 
The electric connector comprises a metal shell body, at least one elastic part, at least one cable and at least one shielding shell. The elastic parts are fixed on the shielding shells in a sleeving and matched mode. The shielding shells are fixed on the cables in a sleeving and matched mode. 
The inner wall of the metal shell body is provided with annular ribs at intervals. An installing space is formed between every two annular ribs. The elastic parts, the shielding shells and the cables are ratably connected with the metal shell body in an inserting mode and slide in the axial directions of the cables. 
The elastic parts are located in the installing spaces, elastically abut against the inner wall of the metal shell body and abut against the annular ribs when the cables move in the axial directions, and the electric connector and conducting terminals in the internally-installedelectrical equipment of an automobile are conveniently installed.
The invention relates to the field of new energy vehicles, and in particularly to a fire alarm system of a new energy automobile and a new energy automobile. The fire alarm system of the new energy automobile comprises a plurality groups of fire detection devices, a conditioning circuit, a plurality of regional monitor, a host assembly, 
a vehicle-mounted intelligent terminal, a plurality groups offirefighting devices, a seat controller, a vehicle body controller and an engine controller.
Each group of fire detection devices comprises a smoke detector and a temperature detector; the output endof each group of fire detection devices is connected with the input end of the conditioning circuit; the output end of the conditioning circuit is connected with the input end of the regional monitor; the output end of the regional monitor is connected with the host assembly. 
The fire alarm system of a new energy automobile and a new energy automobile can more accurately judge the real state of the vehicle fire and realize the linkage of a plurality of systems when the vehicle fires, thereby realizing the alarm of the vehicle, the escape of people, the positioning of the fire position and thetargeted automatic fire extinguishing operation, and realizing high safety performance.
The invention discloses a breeding system based on new energy and relates to the technical field of new energy. The breeding system based on the new energy comprises a room temperature sensor, a lightsensor, an auxiliary battery, a buffer battery and a high voltage battery, wherein the output terminal of the room temperature sensor is connected with the input terminal of a room temperature acquisition unit, 
the output terminal of the room temperature acquisition unit is connected with the input terminal of a DC-DC converter, the output terminal of the DC-DC converter is connected with the input terminal of a solar cell panel, 
the output terminal of the solar cell panel is respectively connected with the input terminals of a first output unit, a second output unit and a power supply circuit, the output terminal of the power supply circuit is respectively connected with the input terminals of a first switch and a second switch.
The breeding system based on the new energy can intelligently control a temperature controller to adjust indoor temperature of a breeding place according to the indoor temperature of the breeding place by utilizing cooperation among the room temperature sensor, the solar cell panel, the first output unit and a data comparator, 
so that balanced indoor temperature is achieved, the industry is greatly increased, and use is intelligent.
The utility model relates to the technical field of new energy automobile accessories. The invention further discloses a hidden new energy automobile charging pile. Storage tank, Sliding rods are fixedly installed at the bottom of the inner wall of the storage groove,
the number of the sliding rods is four, the four sliding rods are evenly distributed in the storage groove, a fixing plate is fixedly installed at the tops of the sliding rods,
one side of the fixing plate is fixedly connected with the inner wall of the storage groove, and the outer surface of each sliding rod is movably sleevedwith a storage plate.
The invention discloses a hidden new energy automobile charging pile. the motor drives the positioning gear to rotate; therefore, the transmission gear drives the transmission rod to rotate; 
and the positioning block acts on the transmission rod, so that the position of the transmission rod is fixed, the connecting gear is meshed with the fixed gear, the connecting gear is prevented from being separated from the fixed gear, 
the threaded rod rotates, the moving ring moves, the placing plate is driven to ascend, the charging pile is separated from the storage groove, and the hiding effect is achieved.
The invention relates to an electric supply installation applying a light-wind-hydrogen new energy system on a seismic telemetry instrument, which belongs to the technical field of new energy application.
A photovoltaic power generating system, a wind driven power generating system, and a hydrogen fuel battery respectively generate a direct current during power generating; the three direct currents are integrated into a direct current with increased amperage through a conductor wire, a diode, and a power conversion junction device. 
The large direct current is adjusted by a controller and then is converted into an alternating current through an inverter; the alternating current drives a seismograph to measure the change data of motions along the vertical direction of an earthcrust; 
the data information is transmitted to a radio wave receiving antenna at the op part of a seismic station on a mountain massif through the radio waves emitted by a sensor A and a radio wave emitting antenna A, and then is inputted into a computer information processing system inside the seismic station; 
the alternating current drives a sound ranger to measure the change data of motions along the horizontal direction of the earthcrust, and the data information is transmitted to the radio wave receiving antenna and the computer information processing system through a sensor B and an emitting antenna B.
The invention provides a multicircuit relay switch circuit used for an air conditioner of a new energy electric bus. The multicircuit relay switch circuit includes a circuit board, a first relay, a second relay and a third relay; 
the first relay is mounted on the circuit board, the first switch end of the first relay is connected with a common power supply end, and the second switch end of the first relay is connected with a first output leg;
the second relay is installed on the circuit board, the first switch end of the second relay is connected with the common power supply end, and the second switch end of the second relay is connected with a second output leg; 
the third relay is installed on the circuit board, the first switch end of the third relay is connected with the common power supply end, and the second switch end of the third relay is connected with a third output leg.
The multicircuit relay switch circuit used for the air conditioner of the new energy electric bus solves the problem that in the prior art, whether a central ventilation system, a four-way valve, a first heater, a second heater and an air-conditioner electrical system are connected with relays of a power supply and independently arranged is controlled and thus the wire arrangement in a control circuit is complicate.
The utility model discloses a positive and negative connecting piece on a new energy automobile.Connecting piece body, the left side of the top of the connecting piece body is fixedly connected witha positive connecting column; 
the right side of the top of the connecting piece body is fixedly connected with a negative connecting column; a groove is formed in the bottom of the connecting piece body; wherein six grooves are formed in the surface of the connecting piece body, one side of each groove extends to the outer portion of the surface of the connecting piece body, 
corner grooves are formed in the two sides of the connecting piece body, two first fixing clamping grooves are formed in the surface of the connecting piece body, and the number of the first fixing clamping grooves is two.
The invention discloses automatic-controlled new energy material development equipment. The equipment comprises a chassis; the top of the chassis is fixedly connected with a working box; a connectingbox is fixedly connected into the working box; 
the bottom of the connecting box is fixedly connected with machining equipment; the bottom of an inner cavity of the connecting box is rotationally connected with a lead screw through a rotating sleeve column; one end of the lead screw penetrates through the connecting box, and extends to the external of the connecting box; 
the outer surface of the lead screw is in threaded connection with a thread column; the left and right sides of the thread column are fixedly connected with racks through connecting blocks; two ends of the racks are fixedly connected with slide blocks; 
the front surfaces of the slide blocks are slidingly connected with the inner wall of the connecting box; and the equipment relates to the technical field of automation.
In the automatic-controlled new energy material development equipment, through cooperation between the lead screw and the thread column, the racks can be adjusted to move up and down to drive fan-shaped gears to rotate, so that rotating rods are rotated to drive clamping blocks to clamp materials.
The invention relates to the technical field of new energy vehicle equipment, and discloses a concealed window shredding hammer for a new energy vehicle, including the body, a window is fitted in themiddle of the front of the vehicle, 
and one side of the window is fixedly provided with a rotating cover on the front side of the vehicle body, A mounting block is fixedly installed on one side of thefront top of the rotary cover, and an inner movable sleeve of the mounting block is provided with a pull ring, 
one end of the pull ring is fixedly connected with the middle part of one side of the mounting box, the outer wall of the mounting box is movably sleeved inside the inclined groove, and the middle part of the inner cavity of the mounting box is fixedly sleeved with a fixing block.
A concealed window breaking hammer for a new energy vehicle can realize opening and closing of a rotating cover by setting a pull ring, a mounting box, an inclined groove, a fixing block, a spring I, a clamping column, a clamping groove, a connecting block I, a steel shaft and a bearing, and also has the concealed characteristics of avoiding being opened by a passenger without danger and preventing thewindow breaking hammer from being taken out under normal conditions.
The utility model relates to a wind power generation fills electric pile for new energy automobile charges, including casing, ceiling, circuit module, electricity generation mechanism and charging device, 
electricity generation mechanism includes drive assembly and generator, and drive assembly includes first pivot, flange, blade and support, and charging device includes a plurality of subassemblythat charges, and the subassembly that charges includes automatic cable spooler and charges the head.
This a wind power generation fills electric pile for new energy automobile charges, the usable wind energy of electricity generation mechanism is charged to the circuit module, and charging device can charge the electric energy of saving bit by bit in the circuit module for the automobile.
In addition, should fill electric pile still usable solar energy charge, distinctive clean subassembly can carry out the timing to solar cell panel down in the drive assembly of electricity generation in the mechanism effect and clean to guarantee the generating efficiency.
The invention relates to the technical field of new energy automobiles, and discloses environmental protection recovery processing equipment for a new energy automobile waste tire. The environmental protection recovery processing equipment comprises a machining box, a feeding pipe penetrates the top of the machining box, 
a feeding hopper communicates to the top of the feeding pipe, the two sides of the feeding pipe are each fixedly provided with a metal sheet located in a cavity of the machining box, a pulling sheet located below the feeding pipe is arranged between the opposite sides of the two metal sheets, 
a transverse rod located in the cavity of the machining box is fixedly installed on the side, back to the feeding pipe, of each metal sheet, a connecting rod is fixedly installed at the end, far away from the corresponding metal sheet, of each transverse rod, 
the outer side of each connecting rod is sleeved with a fixed bearing clamped to the side wall of the machining box, and apull rod located on the outer side of the machining box is fixedly installed at the end, far away from the corresponding transverse rod, of each connecting rod.
By means of the environmental protection recovery processing equipment for the new energy automobile waste tire, the waste tire is processed and recycled, resources are saved, the environment is protected, and use by people is facilitated.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile battery charging and discharging device, including casing, control button, the hole of charging, discharge hole and voltage adjusting knob, the surface of casing one side is provided with the hole of charging,
the housing face of hole one side of charging is provided with discharge hole, the housing face of discharge hole one side is provided with voltage adjusting knob, the both sides of casing all are provided with the fixed block, and the surface of fixed block all is equipped with the mounting hole, 
the top of casing is provided with solar cell panel, and is connected through the mounting panel between solar cell panel and the casing, solar cell panel's surface is provided with the lid, 
and the lid is connected with the mounting panelthrough the articulated shaft, the surface of casing one end is provided with the exhaust hole.
The utility model discloses an installation is provided with a series of structure and makes this new energy automobile battery charging and discharging device charging and discharging of being convenient for carry on simultaneously, has strengthened the steadiness simultaneously.
The invention discloses a new energy vehicle lithium battery pack convenient for heat dissipation. The new energy vehicle lithium battery pack comprises a battery case. A lithium battery pack is fixedly connected in the middle of the inner wall of the battery case.
Heat dissipation elbows are fixedly connected on the top and the bottom of the inner wall of the battery case through connecting blocks. 
A liquid storage box is fixedly connected on the right side of the battery case.A water pump is fixedly connected on the bottom of the inner wall of the liquid storage box. A liquid supplementing pipe is communicated on the bottom end of the right side of the liquid storage box.The invention relates to the technical field of lithium batteries. 
According to the new energy vehicle lithium batterypack convenient for heat dissipation,the semi-circular movable head and the elastic stop piece can be quickly combined and separated through rotation of the threaded rod, the elastic stop piece and the trapezoidal guide block can be quickly combined or separated and the convenience of opening and closing operation can be enhance. 
the The arrangement of the anti-leakage empty box reduces the probability of circulating liquid flowing into the replenishment valve box during movement of the contact rod, improves the overall reliability of the device and solves the problem of untimely and inconvenient replenishment after the circulating liquid leaks.
The utility model discloses a be applied to new energy automobile's electric pile that fills, including being used for buried shell body to and set up to fill the electric pile main part in the shellbody, both sides in the shell body are provided with elevating gear, 
elevating gear includes lead screw, lead screw cover, motor, support, bearing, driving gear and driven gear, the driving gear is fixed in the pivot of motor, and driving gear and driven gear intermeshing, 
the support is fixed on the inner wall of shell body, driven gear is located the support top, bearing position is between driven gear and support, the lead screw cover is fixed in driven gear's top, the lead screw is connected with the lead screw cover, 
the lead screw is vertical setting and runs through the support, and thetop portion of lead screw with fill electric pile main part fixed connection, this be applied to new energy automobile's electric pile that fills has rational in infrastructurely, advantage that occupation space is little, can reduce the spoilage.
The utility model relates to a high intelligent new energy automobile who just has protect function of charge efficiency, which comprises a carriage body, chassis and four wheels, the below on chassisis equipped with a plurality of charging device, 
charging device includes elevating system, it is dull and stereotyped, the coil, the bottom plate, detector constructs, deflector and a plurality of first spring, elevating system includes drive assembly and two driven assembly, 
this high intelligent new energy automobile who just has protect function of charge efficiency passes through elevating system and drives dull and stereotyped lift, regulating bottom's height, and utilize detection mechanism detect with the high distance on ground, the position that makes charging device regulating bottom is to pressing close to ground, 
thereby the distance of coil with ground has been reduced, make the coil charge in stronger magnetic field, the efficiency of charge is improved,
 moreover, make subaerial glass in small, broken bits through the deflector, hard thing such as rubble gets into the bottom plate below, prevent the fish tail coil, protect function is provided, thereby safe quick charging has been realized.
The invention provides a new energy vehicle charging gun.
The new energy vehicle charging gun is used for assisting in the charging of a charging pile and comprises a gun body and a handle and a charging plug which are arranged in the gun body. 
The new energy vehicle charging gun further comprises a sleeve which is arranged on the gun body in a sleeved mode and opposite to the charging plug, a clamping part fixedly arranged on the charging pile, a flexible conduit arranged between the sleeve and the clamping part, 
wherein the sleeve can move along the extension direction of the gun body and extrudes the flexible conduit.
The new energy vehicle charging gun solves the technical problem that different users need to repeatedly pick and place the charging gun from the charging pile, which leads to the waste of time.
The invention provides a lithium battery PACK combined tank body structure for a new energy automobile. The lithium battery PACK combined tank body structure comprises a first lithium battery PACK tank (1) and a second lithium battery PACK (2),
 wherein a positive electrode plug hole (3) communicated with the new energy automobile is arranged on the first lithium battery PACK tank (1), the first lithium battery PACK tank (1) and the second lithium battery PACK (2) are electrically connected in series, 
 and a negative electrode plug hole (4) communicated with the new energy automobile is arrangedon the second lithium battery PACK tank (2); 
 and the first lithium battery PACK tank (1) and the second lithium battery PACK (2) are used for supplying power to the new energy automobile through thepositive electrode plug hole (3) and the negative electrode plug hole (4) which are communicated with the new energy automobile.
The lithium battery PACK combined tank body structure is simple and compact, convenient to mount and operate, wide in use range, economical, practical, convenient to manage and store, flexible to use and reasonable in design and has very good market prospects.
The invention discloses a multifunctional new energy lawn mower in the technical field of new energy. The multifunctional new energy lawn mower comprises a lawn mower frame, a motor mounting frame isarranged at the middle part of the lower cavity of the lawn mower frame, the motor mounting frame is hinged to the top of the lower cavity of the lawn mower frame, 
the left sidewall of the lower cavity of the lawn mower frame is provided with a first engaging lug, the left sidewall of the motor mounting frame is provided with a second engaging lug, an electric push rod is hinged between the firstengaging lug and the second engaging lug, 
and a motor is fixedly mounted in the inner cavity of the motor mounting frame. A solar panel assembly converts solar energy into electrical energy and storesthe electric energy in a storage battery, 
the rotation of a rotating mounting plate and a sidewall mounting plate protects the solar panel assembly from being damaged when not in use, grass is cut bycutting blades,
and a height between the cutting blades and the ground is adjusted through a second electric push rod to easily cut lawns having different heights.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile charging gun convenient to store. The device comprises a charging gun, a socket, a positioning block and a guide plate, the socket is arranged on the charging pile,
a guide plate is arranged on the periphery of the socket in a sliding mode, the guide plate is arranged in the plugging direction of the charging gun in a sliding mode, a positioningblock is arranged on the wall, close to the gun head, of the charging gun, 
the positioning block and the guide plate are oppositely arranged, and the charging gun and the guide plate synchronously slide and move through the positioning block.
The utility model provides a convenient-to-store charging gun for a new energy automobile, which can enable a gun head to be accurately aligned with a socketwhen the gun head is stored on a charging pile and reduce damage to the gun head and the socket.
The invention relates to a new-energy car air conditioner electric compressor detection system with an oil and gas purification function. 
When a new-energy car air conditioner compressor works, due tothe fact that the refrigerant compressed by the compressor is in the high-temperature high-pressure state, part of refrigerant oil in a machine body is inevitably vaporized into oil steam or small oil drops, the oil steam or the small oil drops enter a cooler and an evaporator along with compressed gas, 
if the oil drops and the oil steam enter the cooler of cooling gas, the detection accuracy isreduced, consequently, pipeline blockage is caused, a detection system needs to be maintained at a time every half a month, 
for the reason, the new-energy car air conditioner electric compressor detection system with the oil and gas purification function is provided, the system has the oil and gas purification function, and the detection efficiency is improved.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile wind channel cooling device, the device comprises a device body, the setting of device body is in new energy automobile's bottom, 
device body front end is equipped with the air intake, the rear end is equipped with the air exit, be connected with the refrigeration subassembly between air intake and the air exit, 
this internal cryogenic controlling element of steerable refrigeration subassembly that is equipped with of device, but and the temperature -sensing element of this internal temperature of induction system, 
temperature -sensing element's output and controlling element's input electric connection, controlling element's the output and the input electric connection of refrigeration subassembly, 
one side of air exit is equipped with wind power generation assembly, wind power generation assembly's output electric connection has the battery that can store the electric energy, air intake connection has physics cooling subassembly.
The utility model discloses can cool down to new energy automobile's inside components and parts, and the consumption of electric quantity can reduce to cool down the time, have that the practicality is strong, the energy saving, the reliability is high and stable high characteristics.
The invention discloses an intelligent feeding control system of a new energy fuel boiler and belongs to the field of intelligent feeding. The intelligent feeding control system of the new energy fuelboiler comprises a feeding device, the feeding device is connected with a working module, 
and the working module comprises a ventilation device, an ignition module, a temperature detection module andan alarm module and is connected with a data processing module; the data processing module comprises a display module, a control module and a memory module, 
the display module is connected with the control module, and the control module is in signal connection with the memory module; the ventilation device, the ignition module, the temperature detection module and the alarm module are in signal connection with the memory module separately; 
the feeding device comprises a feeding port frame, and a supporting column and a curved surface limit baffle are fixedly connected to the left inner side wall of the feeding port frame. Soil particle fuel is not easily stuck at the feeding port during feeding, the feeding port keeps smooth easily, and normal production of the boiler is not easily influenced.
The utility model provides a new energy automobile lithium battery pack, belongs to lithium battery technology field.
The utility model discloses a set up a plurality of blocking piece, cut apart intoa plurality of subregions that hold with receiving region to set up the correspondence of lithium cell monomer in every holds the subregion, when one of them lithium cell monomer breaks down, then can correspond and change the lithium cell monomer, be convenient for change and the maintenance.
Through setting up a plurality of ventilation grooves on the casing under, the lithium cell monomer heatdissipation of being convenient for.
Simultaneously positive negative pole is mode and the busbar connection of ear through riveting soon extremely, and it is high to connect the reliability, avoidsbecause the welding slag short circuit problem that leads to the fact is welded to the tradition.
The invention relates to the technical field of new energy automobiles, in particular to a turning device for processing of an air condition compressor bearing of a new energy automobile. The turningdevice comprises a first conveying belt, a second conveying belt, a third conveying belt and a mounting cylinder, 
wherein the mounting cylinder is fixedly arranged at the conveying tail end of the second conveying belt; a spacing is maintained between the mounting cylinder and the conveying tail end of the second conveying belt; a guide block is arranged in the spacing; a motor is arranged at thecenter of the mounting cylinder; 
and a rotating shaft led from the output end of the motor extends to the outer side of the mounting cylinder in the direction of two sides. According to the processingand turning device disclosed by the invention, the problem the working efficiency is low as a bearing needs to be manually turned in the processing flow of the bearing of a new energy air conditionercompressor is solved;
 when the turning device is used, the bearing is automatically turned, so that labor intensity of workers is reduced and the processing efficiency of the bearing is improved; andthe processing and turning device is convenient to popularize and apply.
The utility model provides a new energy automobile battery charging outfit.
The utility model provides a new energy automobile battery charging outfit has solved the technical problem of theftproof function singleness in the correlation technique.
The invention relates to a motor with a braking energy recovery function for a new energy vehicle. The motor comprises a main body, an output shaft, a first gear, a recycling mechanism and a dust removing box. 
The main body is internally provided with a PLC, a rotor and a stator. The dust removing box is internally provided with a dust removing mechanism. The recycling mechanism comprises a storage battery, a casing, a rotating shaft, a return pipe, a compressor, a connecting rod, a second gear and a plurality of blades. A control unit is arranged in the second gear. 
The dust removing mechanism comprises a dust cleaning unit, a drying pipe, a drying chamber and an air intake unit, and the air intake unit includes a third gear, a rotating rod, a roller, a thread, an air intake pipe and a communication pipe. 
According to the motor with a braking energy recovery function for a new energy vehicle, through the recycling mechanism, the kinetic energy of the rotor of the motor is recovered and stored in the storage battery in braking or coasting, 
and the unit energy consumption of the motor is reduced. Moreover, the dust removing mechanism can prevent water, mud or foreign matter from entering the inside of the motor from a vent hole, and the motor is prevented from being short-circuited and burned.
The utility model discloses an intelligent charging stake for new energy automobile charges, its structure includes pile body, base, operating panel, touch -control display screen, emergency stop button, card reader, fills electric gun, frame hook, activity access door, 
the utility model relates to an intelligent charging stake for new energy automobile charges, be equipped with movable access door, pass key screw in lock is opening the door plant main part during maintenance, and with the outside application of force of door plant main part, it rotates to come on the bearing and launches thedoor plant main part to let the connecting plate drive the bull stick, overhaul the pile body, 
and only need after having examined and repaired the surperficial closure of door plant main part and pile body, and the rotation lock can locking, make it can fast enough speed open the access door, can reduce again and dismantle the inconvenience of installing again to the access door, 
the time of effectively having saved whole maintenance process consumes, convenience and practicality, facilitate for overhauing the operation, the efficiency of the process of overhauing has still been ensured simultaneously.
The invention discloses a power battery structure of a new energy vehicle. The power battery structure comprises a battery bracket fixedly connected with an automobile frame and a power battery pack arranged on the battery bracket, so that line arrangement for providing power for the power system by the power battery pack of the new energy vehicle provides power is simplified 
and the mutual influence among all lines is reduced. The center of gravity of the new energy vehicle is moved to the middle of the new energy vehicle and thus the overall vehicle loads of the new energy vehicle are distributed on the frame of the new energy vehicle base plate uniformly, so that the frame deformation and breaking are prevented effectively. 
Moreover, the overall vehicle driving smoothness and stabilityof the new energy vehicle are improved. The overall layout is reasonable; the structure is easy to implement; the application range is wide; and the new energy vehicle power system can work and beingrepaired well.
The utility model provides a dedicated gearbox of new forms of energy vehicle belongs to motor transmission technical field, be in with the setting including transmission housing the input shaft of casing center pin front end and the output shaft of rear end, 
the input shaft passes through the gear pair and is connected with the gearshift, the input shaft is direct with power transmission to output shaft, the gearshift is connected with hydraulic pressure electronic valve piece, and the pressure oil pump is gone into to the hydraulic pump in the hydraulic pressure electronic valve piece.
The utility model discloses an efficient transmission of engine power is guaranteed to the gearbox, guarantees new energy automobile's high -efficient recovery of brake energy, and the engine idling that remains new energy automobile opens stops the function, reduces the motor drive torque, 
reduces the heavy current of battery, increases new energy automobile's load and climbing capability, improves new energy automobile's maximum traveling speed, shortens new energy automobile's new energy automobile 0.
The invention relates to a new energy automobile motor having a highly efficient heat dissipation function. The new energy automobile motor includes a drive mechanism, a PLC, a temperature sensor, an ordinary heat dissipation mechanism and a highly efficient heat dissipation mechanism. 
The drive mechanism includes an output shaft, a first flange, a shaft sleeve, a front end shell, a rear end shell, a fan, a base housing, a junction box, a junction box cover, a bolt, a stator and a rotor. 
The ordinary heat dissipation mechanism is disposed on the base housing. The highly efficiency mechanism includes an air inlet assembly and an air outlet assembly. 
The air inlet assembly includes an air inlet tube, a drive unit, a screw rod, an air pump, a threaded block, a stopper, a lantern ring, a push block, a sealing plug and a fixing block. The temperature sensor detects the temperature and generates a signal to the PLC.
When the detected temperature is higher than the preset temperature, the PLC starts the highly efficient heat dissipation mechanism for highly efficient heat dissipation by blowing filtered cold air into the new energy automobile motor having the highly efficient heat dissipation function.
The invention discloses a new energy auto high-voltage electrical box composed of an internal circuit and an external shell. The internal circuit includes a high-voltage control loop and a power-on protection branch. A main relay is connected in series onto the high-voltage control loop.
A control circuit access line used for access to a controller is disposed on the main relay. 
One end of a positive branch of the high-voltage control loop is provided with a battery pack positive connection point connected to a battery pack while the other end of the positive branch of the high-voltage control loop is provided with a motor controller positive access point.
 One end of a negative branch of the high voltage control loop is provided with a battery pack negative connection point while the other end of the negative branch of the high voltage control loop is provided with a motor controller negative access point. 
 The power-on protection branch is connected in parallel with the main relay for limiting current of a loop where the power-on protection branch is positioned, 
 and the branch circuit is connected in series with a power-on protection relay which is provided with a control circuit access line used for access to a controller.
The high-voltage electrical box can effectively avoid damages caused by a power-on transient surge current of a new energy auto to electrical components of the auto.
The utility model discloses a novel new energy batteries laps subassembly, including apron and lower plastic board, the surface of apron is equipped with negative pole toe seat and anodal toe seat respectively,
and one side of negative pole toe seat is equipped with the short circuit piece, and one side of short circuit piece is equipped with explosion -proof piece, and the top of negative pole toe seat is equipped with negative polar column hole and negative pole insulating piece respectively, is equipped with positive polar column hole on the anodal toe seat, 
and the interior joint of negative polar column hole has a negative pole post, the joint has anodal post in the positive polar column hole, and the top of negative pole post and anodal post is equipped with negative pole connectionpiece and positive electrode contact piece respectively.
The utility model discloses a bottom of negative pole post and anodal post all is equipped with the sealing washer, increases the leakproofnessof negative pole post and anodal post, prevents the electric leakage, causes danger, can prevent through the short circuit piece that is equipped with that the battery from taking place the short circuit phenomenon, 
and the explosion -proof piece that is equipped with can prevent the battery phenomenon of blasting, and the apron passes through screw fixed connection, square toilet cover board andthe installation and the dismantlement of plastic board down with plastic board down.
The invention relates to a design method of a lithium ion battery based on a new energy automobile energy storage demand. The design method comprises the following steps of S1, acquiring parameters ofa power system of a new energy automobile; 
S3, performing production of the lithium ion battery based on the design parameters of the lithium ion battery to obtain a sample battery; 
and S4, performing various performance tests on the sample battery to obtain a internal resistance value, a capacity value and the cycle characteristic of power attenuation of the battery, adopting corresponding preset values of the sample battery as actual production values of various performances of the lithium ion battery if various performance tests of the sample battery all reach the preset qualification requirement; 
and resetting preset values of an electrical core of the lithium ion battery and repeating the steps from the step 2 to the step 4 if one or more performance test of the sample battery does not reach the preset qualification requirement.
The utility model discloses a portable direct current car fills electric pile based on new forms of energy field, the utility model relates to a portable direct current car fills electric pile based on new forms of energy field, the structural solar panel installation device that is equipped with, 
solar panel is connected with solar panel installation device, thereby it drives the rotation of two-way spiral shell rasp bar to slow down to handle to the motor through actuating motor rethread reducing gear box, thereby two -way spiral shell rasp bar meshes with the gear mutually, thereby therebydrive rotatory gear of gear and fixed toothed bar mesh, thereby thereby fixed rack belt moves the position of removing the fastener and removing the fixed solar panel of fastener, thereby thereby improve the installation rate that the car fills electric pile through the installation solar panel that solar panel installation device can be convenient.
The invention discloses a new energy battery with a collision protection function. The battery comprises a battery body and a protective shell, wherein the protective shell is of an open box-shaped structure with an open top end and a closed bottom end, and the protective shell is provided with a semi-closed inner cavity, 
an open end of the protective shell is covered with a left protective plateand a right protective plate, guide grooves are formed at top ends, close to the left protective plate and the right protective plate, of the protective shell, 
the guide grooves are horizontally formed, and the left protective plate and the right protective plate are slidably connected with the protective shell through the guide grooves, 
free ends of the sides, away from the open ends, of the leftprotection plate and the right protection plate protrude downwards to form limiting parts, and the limiting parts wrap one side of the protection shell when the free ends of the left protection plateand the right protection plate make contact with the protection box body.
The battery is advantaged in that the battery is ingenious in structural design and high in safety, rigid collision is avoided, damage of impact force to an automobile battery is reduced when a new energy automobile is collided, backed and bottomed, and normal operation of the automobile is guaranteed.
The invention discloses and belongs to the technical field of new energy vehicles, in particular to an extensible new energy vehicle charging interface, including a vehicle housing. The inner cavity of the automobile shell is provided with an integrally formed charging window, 
the left end of the vehicle housing is fixedly connected with a charging interface storage box, and a bobbin is arranged in the inner cavity of the charging interface storage box. A charging handle and a fixing clip are arranged, 
and a charging pin and a charging slot are arranged at both ends of the charging handle, sothat during charging of the automobile, a charging gun can be directly inserted into the inner cavity of the charging slot to charge the vehicle, 
the charging handle can also be pulled out and the charging pin is inserted into a charging jack socket of a charging pile to charge the vehicle, thereby avoiding the problem that presently the charging interface of the new energy vehicle is mainly divided into an external type and an insertion type, 
so that the vehicle owner needs to find a charging pile suitable for the charging interface when charging the automobile, and thus the charging is relatively tedious.
The invention relates to the technical field of new energy automobiles, and discloses a water induction preventing new energy automobile charging port structure. The water induction preventing new energy automobile charging port structure comprises a charging port, wherein the charging port is internally provided with an interface, the top of the interface is movably sleeved with a protective cover, 
the top of the inner wall of the charging port is fixedly provided with a fixed rotating shaft, the outer surface of the fixed rotating shaft is movably sleeved with a cover plate, the inner wall of the charging port is provided with grooves, 
the number of the grooves is two, the two grooves are uniformly distributed at the two sides of the inner wall of the charging port, and the bottom end ofthe inner wall of each groove is fixedly provided with a movable rotating shaft.
According to the water induction preventing new energy automobile charging port structure, a positioning rod is connected to a hole in a connecting block so as to enable the cover plate to be fixed on the charging port, 
an adjusting rod on a moving block is connected with a moving ring to coordinate with the movementof the adjusting rod so as to enable the positioning rod to move and enable the positioning rod to break away from the hole, 
and then the cover plate is enabled to rise slowly by using a pressure rod, thereby preventing the cover plate to damage the parts when being popped up suddenly, and achieving a function of water induction prevention.
The utility model discloses a new forms of energy electric automobile controller belongs to new forms of energy electric automobile technical field, has solved traditional electric automobile controller circuit design complicacy, the not high problem of reliability, stability and security.
Main control circuit, power circuit and the major loop that constitutes by series DC machine, motor excitation coil, main contactor, battery of including.
The utility model discloses the function is comprehensive, security, reliability height, and circuit design simplifies by a wide margin, and reduction inproduction cost improves industrial economic benefits by a wide margin, but wide application in new forms of energy electric automobile technical field.
The utility model discloses a dynamic weight measuring system of a new energy electric heavy truck. The device comprises a height sensor, a limiting and fixing device, a low-voltage power supply access module and a vehicle-mounted network connection access module, 
the height sensors need to be mounted beside the steel plate springs of the front axle suspension and the rear axle suspension; the deformation quantity of the steel plate spring is measured in cooperation with the limiting and fixing device, deformation quantity information is transmitted to the vehicle-mounted network connection access module, 
and power supplied to the height sensor is connected into a 24V auxiliary power supply of the electric heavy truck through the low-voltage power supply module and output to the height sensor after voltage reduction;
the measurement system can be built only by adding a plurality of sensors, corresponding power supply lines and information transmission lines on the new energy electric heavy truck, has the characteristics of simple construction and convenient installation compared with systems of the same type, reduces the corresponding hardware cost, simplifies the system complexity, and is convenient to popularize and apply.
The invention relates to an energy-saving lighting billboard using a light, wind and hydrogen new energy system as a power supply and belongs to the technical field of new energy application.
In a power generation system, a wind turbine power generation system, a hydrogen fuel cell and a photovoltaic power generation system generate a current respectively, and the three currents are combined into a heavier current by a wire, a diode and a power conversion junction station.
The heavier direct current is regulated by a controller and then is converted into an alternating current by an inverter, 
and in the energy-saving lighting billboard, the alternating current is input into light emitting diode (LED) lighting lamps and LED lighting characters by wires, so that the LED lighting lamp and the LED lighting characters emit light to display the content of advertisement.
The energy-saving lighting billboard is arranged on a billboard supporting base.
The invention discloses a fan operation state analysis method based on a new energy centralized control system. The fan operation state analysis method comprises the following steps of 1, clling calling of data point locations: calling fan fault code point locations and remote signaling and remote measuring data point locations sent by all new energy wind power stations from a centralized controlcenter database; 
2, data preprocessing: analyzing a fan fault code, establishing a fan fault code table, grading the fault code according to each operation state of the fan, setting a fan operation alarm code, and retrieving and outputting a fan operation alarm code of a corresponding grade in the fan fault code table according to the fan fault code sent by a station; 
3, preprocessing result storage: storing the fan fault code table, the fan operation alarm code associated information and the fan operation alarm code output value into a centralized control center database; 
4, establishing a periodic calculation task set; establishing a logic judgment task according to the running state of the fan; and setting a detailed logic expression in each logic judgment task, sorting the logic judgment tasks to form a the periodic calculation task set, and the like. 
The invention aims to provide a method which is arranged in a centralized control system and can be used for uniformly analyzing andquickly judging the running conditions of the wind generating sets of different manufacturers.
The utility model discloses a new forms of energy fill electric pile, including filling the electric pile shell, fill the electric pile shell, hold the chamber, receive the line chamber the inside offilling the electric pile shell is equipped with controller, battery, dc -to -ac converter, treater, 
battery, dc -to -ac converter, treater are connected respectively the controller, the surface of filling the electric pile shell is equipped with display screen and control button, 
display screen and control button connect the controller, hold the chamber with receive the line chamber set up side by side in fill the lower part of electric pile shell, it is provided with and fills electric gun to hold the intracavity, it is equipped with charging wire and electric wire receiving mechanism to receive the line intracavity, the charging wire is connected fill electric gun and dc -to -ac converter.
The utility model discloses a new forms of energy fill electric pile will fill electric gun and charging wire and set up respectively in holding the chamber and receiving the line intracavity, and will fill electric gun and the charging wire takes out when needs charge, avoid filling electric gunand the long -term external potential safety hazard of having brought of charging wire, improve the life who fills electric pile.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile instrument desk.
This structure belongs to the new energy automobile field, including preceding bounding wall body, preceding bounding wall benefitboard and well passageway, preceding bounding wall benefit board welds in the front, and the upside of bounding wall body has constituted preceding bounding wall, 
preceding bounding wall body middle part is provided with the location boss with well path connection, and the outside and preceding bounding wall body weld forming at the location boss are cup jointed with the inner wall phase -match ofwell passageway, well passageway to the shape of location boss.
Board and preceding bounding wall body are mended to the bounding wall before cutting apart preceding bounding wall become, and behindthe finished piece, the process reduces respectively, and the mould is simplified, has reduced development cost,
and preceding bounding wall welds after needing the welding jig location with well passageway welding script, nevertheless sets up the location boss on the bounding wall in the front, utilizes location boss 
and well passageway inner wall phase -match can realize the location, has simplified the welding position procedure, has saved and has welded the clamping utensil, reduces to weld setting a work load, has practiced thrift the cost, has improved work efficiency.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile instrument desk.
This structure belongs to the new energy automobile field, including preceding bounding wall body, preceding bounding wall benefitboard and well passageway, preceding bounding wall benefit board welds in the front, and the upside of bounding wall body has constituted preceding bounding wall, 
preceding bounding wall body middle part is provided with the location boss with well path connection, and the outside and preceding bounding wall body weld forming at the location boss are cup jointed with the inner wall phase -match ofwell passageway, well passageway to the shape of location boss.
The utility model discloses a new energy charging pile. The charging pile comprises a charging pile body, the charging pile comprises a charging pile body, a display screen is arranged on the front surface of the charging pile body, an operation panel is arranged on the right side of the front surface of the charging pile body, 
operation buttons are arranged on the front surface of the operation panel, a magnetic card socket is formed in the bottom of the front surface of the operation panel, and charging wire bases are arranged at the bottoms of the two sides of the charging pile body.
According to the utility model, the air inlet, the ventilating duct, the mini water pump, the water inlet pipe, the water outlet pipe, the spiral pipe, the return pipe, the semiconductor refrigeration block, the heat-conducting hollow aluminum sheet, the air outlet, the rotating rod, the rotating block, the fan blades and the motor are matched for use; 
according to the new energy charging pile, the problem that a traditional new energy charging pile dissipates heat only by opening the heat dissipation holes and cannot dissipate heat well is solved, 
the new energy charging pile has the advantage of being convenient to use, and the service life of the new energy charging pile is prolonged.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile's heat exchanging module, which comprises an outer shell, be provided with mutual suit and fixed outer tube and inner tube in the shell, the inner chamber of inner tube has formed refrigerant flow path, 
space between inner tube and the outer tube has formed heat transferring medium flow path, the outer tube facing covers there is PTC heating element, be provided with the refrigerant entry on the shell, refrigerant outlet, heat transferring medium entry and heat exchange medium outlet, 
refrigerant flow path is linked together with refrigerantentry and refrigerant outlet respectively, heat transferring medium flow path is linked together with heat transferring medium entry and heat exchange medium outlet respectively, still be provided with the controller on the shell, 
this controller and PTC heating element electric connection.
This heat exchanging module is rational in infrastructure, can lower the temperature or utilize PTC heatingelement to heat the heat transferring medium through low temperature refrigerant and heat transferring medium, 
and this heat transferring medium can be used for car battery's heating or cooling, alsocan be used for new energy automobile's motor, automatically controlled heat dissipation.
The invention relates to a safety oil pressure damper with a good buffer effect for a new energy vehicle. The safety oil pressure damper comprises a main body, an axis, a piston and an inner pipe, andfurther comprises two cleaning mechanisms and two buffer mechanisms; 
and the cleaning mechanisms comprise movable modules, driving modules, fixed rods, transmission rods and at least two cross bars.
The safety oil pressure damper with the good buffer effect for the new energy vehicle uses the cleaning mechanisms for cleaning blockage in first through holes, so that oil ways are kept smooth, the cylinder explosion caused by higher oil pressure is prevented, 
and the safety of the oil pressure damper is improved; when oil flows back, pressure can be generated on the buffer mechanisms, so that one part of the oil flows into second through holes; 
and when instant pressure of the axis is higher, one part of the pressure suffered by the axis is converted to power of the oil flowing into the second through holes, so that the buffer effect is further improved, 
and the buffer effect of the oil pressure damper is better.
The utility model discloses an empty iron drive aluminium of new forms of energy the air fuel cell package, including support (1), aluminium -air cell group (2), radiator (5), pump valve system (6),I shape electrolyte tank (7), 
aluminium -air cell group (2) arranges at least one deck group battery that support (1) upper portion formed in and holds the intracavity, and every layer of group battery holds the intracavity and be equipped with two and be listed as aluminium -air cell group (2),
 and two are listed as and are equipped with electric cabinet (3) between the aluminium -air cell group(2), the lower part of support (1) forms a stratification object space, and the both ends that should put the object space are used for erector's style of calligraphy electrolyte tank (7), 
 and the middle part is used for installing bearing wheels (4), radiator (5) and pump valve system (6).
The utility model discloses mainly for the empty iron of new forms of energy provides the electric energy, its raw and other materials are abundant, the environmental protection material benefit, 
and simple structure has increased substantially the power supply capacity that the battery wrapped, and it alsoprovides the power that increases the journey for the power that pulls of other new forms of energy cars to unite with the lithium cell.
The invention discloses a new energy automobile trunk with a protection function, and belongs to the technical field of new energy automobile trunks. The new energy automobile trunk with the protection function comprises a trunk body, wherein a trunk cover is movably connected to the upper surface of the trunk body; 
sliding chutes are formed in the left side and the right side of the bottom part of the inner wall of the trunk body; sliding rails are arranged on the left sides and the right sides of the inner walls of the two sliding chutes; sliding blocks are slidably connected to the inner walls of the sliding rails; 
L-shaped through holes are formed in the left sides and the right sides of the upper surfaces of the two sliding blocks and extend to the left sides and the right sides of the sliding blocks; and first check blocks are fixedly connected to the inner walls of the L-shaped through holes. 
According to the new energy automobile trunk with the protection function provided by the invention, through the cooperative use of the sliding blocks, the sliding chutes, the sliding rails, stand columns and a protection screen, the sliding blocks can be adjusted to slide in the sliding chutes according to the volume and the size of an object, and the object can be fixed; 
and in addition, through the cooperation of extrusion blocks, the L-shaped through holes and antiskid lugs, thesliding blocks can be fixed at any point in the sliding chutes, so that the flexibility of the device when in use is improved.
The invention discloses a highly-flame-retardant polypropylene composite material for new energy automobiles, and a preparation method thereof. The highly-flame-retardant polypropylene composite material for new energy automobiles comprises polypropylene resin, polyacrylamide microspheres, ethyl stearate, paraffin, dodecanoic acid, 1,3:2,4-di-p-methylbenzylidenesorbitol, 
dimethyl malonate, iron sodium tartrate, melamine, magnesium salt whiskers, lithium porcelain stones, calcium stearate, diethylene glycol monoacrylate, nano-aluminum powder, 
carbon fibers, hydroxyethyl acrylate, acrylic acid,nano-copper powder, microcrystalline graphite and methyl diphenylene diisocyanate. 
The preparation method comprises the following steps: preparing a mixture I and a mixture II, feeding the mixture I into the main feed port of a double screw extruder, feeding the mixture II from the side port of the double screw extruder, performing mixing, and carrying out extruding granulation to obtain the highly-flame-retardant polypropylene composite material for new energy automobiles.
The sole material of the present invention has excellent aging resistance.
The invention relates to a motor having good stability and strong heat radiation performance for a new energy automobile. The motor comprises a casing, a rotating shaft, a rotor, two stators and two bearings and further comprises a water storage tank,
a material storage chamber, a connecting pipe, a water pipe, two fixing mechanisms and two buffering mechanisms, wherein the buffering mechanisms comprise two buffering assemblies, 
and the buffering assemblies comprise bearing blocks, transmission blocks, connecting rods, transmission rods, oil pipes, two first buffering blocks, two buffering units and at least two second buffering blocks. 
The motor is advantaged in that the water pipe is fixed on the surface of the casing through the fixing mechanisms, the casing is cooled through the waterin the water pipe, 
heat radiation performance of the motor is made to be stronger, compared with a fixing mechanism in the prior art, the fixing mechanisms are more convenient to mount and dismount, 
vibration of the bearings can be reduced through the buffering mechanisms, vibration of the rotating shaft is offset, and stability of the motor is made to be better.
The utility model relates to a new energy automobile who has rain -proof function based on thing networking, including the automobile body, wheel and the skylight of setting at the automobile body top, the automobile body still includes detection mechanism and suggestion mechanism,
detection mechanism is including receiving and releasing subassembly and determine module, suggestion mechanism includes the motor, the eccentric wheel, driver plate, vibration rod and baffle,
this new energy automobile who has rain -proof function based on thing networking, people are berthhing the back that finishes with the vehicle, detection mechanism starts, whether close the skylight and detect, 
when detecting the skylight when opening the state, suggestion mechanism starts, the suggestion car owner does not close in the skylight, it takes place to avoid meetting the condition of rainwater on rainy day in the skylight falls into the car, and then prevent that the rainwater from intaking in drenching automotive interior or making the car, thereby avoid bringing economic loss for the car owner.
The invention discloses a new energy life raft for a ship, and relates to the technical field of the ship new energy application.
The new energy life raft for the ship comprises a raft bottom. A peripheral side face of the raft bottom is fixedly provided with a lower floating tire. The top of the lower floating tire is fixedly provided with an upper floating tire. The top of the upper floating tire is provided with an air column. A tent is connected between the air column and the upper floating tire. 
The surface of the tent is fixedly provided with a film photovoltaic cell panel. One surface of the raft bottom is fixedly provided with a main control box. The interior of the main control box is fixedly provided with an electric accumulating box and a solar power controller. 
The inner surface of the main control box is fixedly provided with a generating device. The top of the main control box is fixedly provided with a hollow stand column.
The top end of the hollow stand column is fixedly connected with a generating fan. Through the film photovoltaic cell panel, the generating fan and the generating device, electric power is provided for the electric accumulating box, so the new energy life raft for the ship has a stable electric power basis, and is capable of providing the electric power for a driving device. 
The new energy life raft for the ship is provided with a complete power system without a complicated steering mechanism, easy to control, convenient for self-rescuing by a person, and the life-saving capacity of the life raft is improved.
The invention relates to the technical field of new energy vehicles, and discloses a new energy vehicle trunk with the function of protecting stored objects. The new energy vehicle trunk comprises a trunk body; and the top of the trunk body is open, 
a through hole communicating with the inner wall of the right side of the trunk body is formed in the right side of the trunk body, a sliding groove is formed in the inner wall of the bottom of the trunk body, a sliding rod is slidably connected to the inner surface of the sliding groove, 
an extruding plate is fixedly connected to the top end of the sliding rod, and an interlocking hole is formed in the left side of the extruding plate.
According to the new energy vehicle trunk with the function of protecting the stored objects, the effect thata transmission toothed block drives a driven toothed block to rotate is achieved by arranging the extruding plate, a driving plate and the driving toothed block; 
the effect that an interlocking rod moves rightwards through rotating is further achieved by arranging a traction toothed plate, a force applying rod and a positioning rod, and the effect that the interlocking rod is in inserting connection with the interlocking hole is achieved accordingly; 
and collision is resisted through interlocking, so that the situation that the objects are prone to being damaged is avoided, and the effect that the objects in the trunk are protected conveniently is achieved accordingly.
The present invention relates to an ultrasonic range finder used for a new energy automobile backing system. The ultrasonic range finder comprises a main body, an insertion rod and a probe, 
and a detection mechanism is arranged in the main body and comprises a bottom plate, a fixing block, a fulcrum bar, a first direction regulation mechanism, a supporting rod, a supporting plate and a second direction regulation mechanism. 
The first direction regulation mechanism comprises a first driving motor, a first driving shaft, a sleeve, a connecting block, a connecting rod, a sliding ring and a supporting frame, and the second direction regulation mechanism comprises a fixing shaft, a lantern ring and two direction regulation units. 
The ultrasonic range finder used for the new energy automobile backing system utilizes the first direction regulation mechanism to regulate an included angle of the probe and a horizontal direction, thereby realizing the obstacle distance detection of different heights. 
In addition, the second direction regulation mechanism regulates the azimuth angle of the insertion rod, so that the distance detection of the omnibearing obstacles of the same height is realized, 
and accordingly, the drivers can know the distance range of the tail of an automobile and the obstacles comprehensively when backing, and regulate correspondingly to back safely.
The utility model relates to a corn harvester taking a new wind-hydrogen energy resource as a power device, belonging to the technical field of new energy resource application.
The wind over the ocean and the land blows blades of a wind driven generator to rapidly rotate to drive the wind driven generator to generate current, the current is input into a water electrolysis hydrogen production device to generate hydrogen, 
the hydrogen is input into a hydrogen fuel storage container manufacturing shop through a hydrogen delivery pipe, a produced hydrogen fuel storage container is installed inside the new wind-hydrogen energy electric corn harvester, 
the changeable wind energy is converted into the stable hydrogen energy, the hydrogen fuel output from the hydrogen fuel storage container is input to a hydrogen fuel cell through a hydrogen fuel delivery pipe, the electric energy is efficiently released in the hydrogen fuel cell by electrochemical reaction, 
the current is input into a motor to convert the electric energy into the mechanical energy, and the mechanical energy is used for cutting the corn stalks, picking the corn ears, peeling the corn husks, conveying the corn ears, drying the corn, threshing, storing the corn kernels, transporting the corn kernel and performing other operations.
The utility model relates to an electronic intelligence control module, especially a new energy automobile automobile body intelligent control module.
New energy automobile automobile body intelligent control module, including microprocessor, AD conversion module, the inside and outside sensor of car and signal processing module, speed sensor and signal processing module, motor driver module, 
motor, door window key switch, LIN transceiver and LIN bus and CAN widen the module, wherein inside and outside sensor of car and signal processing module pass through AD conversion module and microcontroller exchange signal, 
microprocessor feeds back the processing to the signal that speed sensor and signal processing module, door window key switch provided, 
microprocessor controls the motor through motor driver module, microprocessor pass through the LIN transceiver with the signal transmission on the LIN bus.
Adopt LIN as control bus, effectively practiced thrift the cost, can avoid because of unstable in the car that division rapid drawdown leads to suddenly according to the speed of difference in temperature adjustment door window lift inside and outside the speed of a motor vehicle and the car.
The invention discloses an anti-slip device for an integral new-energy passenger vehicle controller, which comprises an engine, a clutch, 
a motor, a driving axle, an integral vehicle controller, an energy storage device, a motor controller, 
The engine, the clutch, the motor and the driving axle are sequentially and mechanically connected, the motor is electrically connected with the motor controller, and the energy storage device and the integral vehicle controller are electrically connected to the motor controller.
The pneumatic switch and a gear switch of the brake device are respectively connected to the integral vehicle controller through harnesses, and an air circuit is arranged between the brake device and the pneumatic switch. 
By means of the anti-slip device, recovery efficacy of regenerated energy can be achieved, the problem of slipping of the vehicle is solved, energy saving and emission reduction of the vehicle are realized, and safety of the integral vehicle is improved.
The utility model discloses a new energy photovoltaic power station fixing device. The device comprises a first fixing plate, a second fixing plate, a first supporting plate and a second supporting plate, 
supporting columns are fixedly connected to the two sides of the top of the first fixing plate and the two sides of the top of the second fixing plate respectively, and mounting holes are formedin the top of the first fixing plate and the top of the second fixing plate respectively.
The utility model discloses a new energy photovoltaic power station fixing device. Sliding rails are fixedly connected to the opposite sides of the tops of a first supporting plate and a second supporting plate correspondingly. 
The distance between the two limiting plates can be adjusted; the fixing device can be suitable for photovoltaic panels with different sizes; the application range of the device is expanded,
when photovoltaic panels of different sizes need to be replaced, additional customized fixing devices are not needed, the use cost is reduced, the supporting springs can play a role in buffering, 
the buffering effect of the device is enhanced, the adjacent photovoltaic panels are not proneto collision or damage, and the practicability of the device is improved. 
The insulation detection speed of new energy vehicles can be improved.
The invention relates to a vibration reduction type new energy battery with a leakage alarm function. The vibration reduction type new energy battery comprises a main body, and further comprises an alarm mechanism and a vibration reduction mechanism, 
wherein the alarm mechanism comprises a detection tube, a piston block, a fixed rod, a supporting sleeve, a transmission rod, a second spring, a first contact, a second contact and a time delay assembly; 
the vibration reduction mechanism comprises a mounting plate and at least two buffering assemblies, wherein each buffering assembly comprises a supporting rod, a lifting sleeve and two first springs; 
and the time delay assembly comprises an oil cylinder, an oil conveying pipe, a one-way valve, a piston plate and an oil conveying hole. 
According to the vibration reduction type new energy battery with the leakage alarm function, the leakage state of a fuel cell can be detected through the alarm mechanism, and then an alarm signal is sent toan operator, so that the operator can carry out treatment in time, 
and the probability of major accidents is lowered; and by means of the vibration reduction mechanism, the impact force borne by the fuel cell in the running process of a vehicle is reduced, and the probability that the fuel cell is damaged is lowered.
The utility model relates to an intelligent charging stake for new energy automobile charges, construct including casing, electricity generation mechanism, charging device and central control machine,the last wiper mechanism that is equipped with of solar cell panel, 
wiper mechanism include guide rail, drive assembly and washing subassembly, drive assembly includes driving motor, drive shaft anddrive gear, washs the subassembly and includes drive wheel, conveyer belt and cleaning brush, and the last removal subassembly that still is equipped with of cleaning brush, 
speech control module include voice control circuit, voice control circuit includes integrated circuit, 
among this an intelligent charging stake for new energy automobile charges, can reliably wash dust on the solar cell panelor dirt through the wiper mechanism to the reliability of filling electric pile has been improved, 
moreover, through voice control circuit, realized that audio signal's reliable enlargeing is exported, improved voice prompt's reliability, improved the reliability of filling electric pile.
The invention discloses a preparation method of a new-energy biological fertilizer. The preparation method comprises the following steps: step 1, selecting biological materials such as stalks, straw and the like, and washing the biological materials for later use; 
step 2, adding the biological materials into saline water with a salt-water proportion of 1:1.5 or 1:2, and carrying out soaking for 5-8 hours; step 3, carrying out washing, and then carrying out natural drying to control the water content to be 50-55%; 
step 4, carrying out high-temperature sterilization, wherein the sterilization temperature is 120-150 DEG C, and the sterilization time is 2-3 hours; step 5, adding a catalyst into the biological materials, and naturally carrying out a reaction for 5-8 hours; 
step 6, crushing thebiological materials into pulp; and step 7, carrying out granulating by a granulating machine.
According to the preparation method, the biological fertilizer is changed into green and clean new energy.
The utility model discloses a two -way new energy automobile fills electric pile with charge -discharge function, include: display module, wireless transmit and receive unit, control module, charge /discharge module, the relay that charges, ACDC power module.
ACDC power module supplies power for control module, the charge break -make of relay of control module control, and a charging interface ofautomobile discharges through the charge / discharge module, 
and the utilization of charge / discharge module is charged through the 2nd charging interface of automobile from a charging interface ofautomobile electric energy that releases and the electric energy that the electric wire netting provided, 
and on -vehicle computer passes through wireless transmit and receive unit control control module, display module demonstration charging and discharging in -process electric quantity.
The utility model provides a new energy automobile fills electric pile and can provide convenience for the maintenance of new energy automobile battery for new energy automobile charging and discharging, has improved the utilization ratio of the energy.
The invention discloses a battery pack clamping plate for a new energy automobile PTC heater. The battery pack clamping plate comprises a battery pack clamping plate body, wherein the battery pack clamping plate is composed of two oppositely arranged vertical plates and a connecting plate integrally connected to the bottoms of the two vertical plates. 
The battery pack clamping plate is in a U shape structure. The opening of the battery pack clamping plate is gradually increased from bottom to top, a plurality pairs of elastic pieces are arranged from top to bottom on two sides of one of the vertical plates, and the elastic pieces are integrally formed with the vertical plates.
According to the battery pack clamping plate for the new energy automobile PTC heater, the problems that clampingdegree of the existing battery pack clamping plate is not sufficient, it is not convenient to mount heating elements, and fasteners are easy to slide in a vertical direction and a horizontal directionwhen heating elements and fasteners are used in combination, etc., are improved. 
The invention has the characteristics of being simple in structure, good in practicability, long in service life, andconvenient for new energy automobile manufacturers to generalize and use.
The utility model discloses a self-circulation cooling system for a battery pack of a new energy automobile. The lithium ion battery pack comprises a battery pack shell, a battery pack body and a cooling copper pipe, the battery pack body is arranged in the battery pack shell, the cooling copper pipe is located in the battery pack body, 
the lithium ion battery pack further comprises a condenser and a refrigerant storage tank, the condenser is communicated with the refrigerant storage tank, one end of the cooling copper pipe is connected with the refrigerant storage tank, and the other end of the cooling copper pipe is connected with the condenser.
The self-circulation cooling system for the new energy automobile battery pack is reasonable in design, light in weight, low in energy consumption and safer and more efficient in cooling, does not need to be cooled through water cooling and a compressor, and greatly reduces the cooling cost and the riding comfort.
The invention relates to a photovoltaic new energy culture colorful lighting lamp box, belonging to the technical field of new energy application.
At daytime, the sun shines on a solar battery on the glass surface of an outdoor colorful lighting lamp box so as to generate a direct current; the direct current is input into a controller through a junction box and an electric lead to be modulated; 
as the circuit input into a colorful LED (Light Emitting Diode) energy saving lamp tube is cut off by a photosensitive self-control switch at daytime, the direct current is input into an energy storage battery through the electric lead to be stored up; 
at night, the circuit input into the colorful LED energy saving lamp tube is powered on by the photosensitive self-control switch; 
the direct current output from the energy storage battery is input into an inverter through the electric lead and the controller; the direct current is converted into an alternative current inside the inverter; 
the alternative current output from the inverter is input into the colorful LED energy saving lamp tube through the electric lead and the photosensitive self-control switch so as to supply power to the colorful LED energy saving lamp tube; and the electric energy inside the LED energy saving lamp tube is converted into the light energy, then colorful advisement words on the glass at two sides of the colorful lighting lamp box are lightened.
The invention discloses a method for realizing automatic recovery of mid-high altitude wind power generating devices. The specific method includes the steps that (1), at least two power hoisters are arranged in parallel and connected with an electric generator, and the power hoisters can be mutually driven; 
and (2), when a mid-high altitude wind power generating device connected to at least one power hoister is set to descend, another mid-high altitude wind power generating device connected to at least one power hoister ascends, 
and the upward power hoister drives the power hoister requiring to descend to recover the mid-high altitude wind power generating device to reverse and retract cables from the mid-high altitude wind power generating device.
Compared with the prior art, the system architecture is optimized, the structural features are utilized to realize the automatic recovery of the mid-high wind power generating devices without a downward motor, not only is the structure simplified, but also the electric quantity effect during the power generating process is greatly reduced at the same time, and the cost of power generation is reduced.
The utility model discloses a portable removal new energy automobile charging device, relate to new energy automobile battery charging outfit technical field, it is bulky with car charging device in solving prior art, and the existing folding bicycle is not convenient to carry,
it includes charging case, the charging case bottom is connected with the upper plate, the upper plate both sides all areprovided with spiral shell rasp bar, the upper plate below is provided with the lower plate, the lower plate both sides are provided with lower thread rod, 
lower thread rod and last spiral shell raspbar axis parallel arrangement, the lower plate bottom is provided with the universal wheel, the lower plate upper surface is provided with the bracing piece, the bracing piece is improved level and is provided with the horizontal axis,
go up spiral shell rasp bar and down in the middle of the spiral shell rasp bar screw thread of both sides revolve to on the contrary, the horizontal axis both ends are rotated respectively and are connected with two lifters, 
the lifter both ends are articulated threaded sliding sleeve respectively, screw thread sliding sleeve cover is established at last spiral shell rasp bar under and on the spiral shell rasp bar.
Through implementing this technical scheme, this car charging device volume can reduce, conveniently carries.
The invention relates to a novel energy muck truck with a dust flying inhibition function. The novel energy muck truck comprises a carriage, wheels, a vehicle body, a license plate as well as a coverplate, a cleaning mechanism and a dustproof mechanism, 
wherein the dustproof mechanism comprises a base, a first transmission rod, a second transmission rod, a lifting block, a screw rod, a first motor and a fixing rod; 
the cleaning mechanism comprises a first gear, a base rack, a third transmission rod, a fourth transmission rod, a fifth transmission rod, a driving component and a cleaning component; 
and the cleaning component comprises a support rack, a crankshaft, a driving block, a first connecting rod, a moving wheel, a cleaning brush, a third motor, a second connecting rod and a third connecting rod. 
By adopting the novel energy muck truck with the dust flying inhibition function, flying dust can be reduced while the muck truck runs, so that influence on pavement sanitation is reduced; 
dust on the license plate on the muck truck is cleaned off through the cleaning mechanism, so that the clearness of digits on the license plate is improved, and the economic loss caused by unintentional license plate shielding of a driver is reduced.
The invention belongs to the technical field of new energy automobiles and specifically relates to a gradient utilization device for a new energy automobile battery. 
The invention solves a battery recycling problem and also enables battery reuse.
The technical scheme is that the device includes a solar panel, a DC/DC converter, a power battery device, a DC/AC converter and an energy storage device; 
the solar panel is connected with the input terminal of the DC/DC converter; the output terminal of the DC/DC converter is connected with the input terminal of the power battery device; 
the output terminal of the power battery device is connected with the input terminal of the DC/AC converter; the output terminal of the DC/AC converter is connected with the input terminal of the energy storage device. The invention is suitable of the new energy field.
The invention relates to the technical field of new-energy automobiles, in particular to a new-energy automobile device. The new-energy automobile device comprises a drive shaft bracket, an output shaft component, an input shaft, an intermediate gear frame, an intermediate gear, a sun gear and elastic telescopic shafts. 
The output shaft component is rotationally connected to one end of the drive shaft bracket, the input shaft is rotationally connected to the other end of the drive shaft bracket, the intermediate gear frame is rotationally connected to the input shaft, 
one end of each elastic telescopic shaft is hinged to the eccentric position of the intermediate gear frame, the other end of each elastic telescopic shaft is hinged to the drive shaft bracket, the sun gear is fixedly connected to the input shaft, 
the intermediate gear is rotationally connected to the intermediate gear frame and engaged with the sun gear, and the intermediate gear is in engaged connection with the outputshaft component through a gear.
When the drive force of an automobile motor suddenly changes, drive force is in cushioned transition, coil current overload losses or damages of the automobile motor can be avoided, and stable drive force transmission is achieved.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile lamp cleaning device. The utility model belongs to the technical field of new-energy vehicles. The cleaning device comprises a transverse electric telescopic rod, a cleaning electric telescopic rod, a water supply assembly, a cleaning hose, a detergent adding assembly and a cleaning head. 
The transverse electric telescopic rod is transversely installed below a vehicle lamp at the front end of a vehicle body, a cleaning electric telescopic rod inclining towards the vehicle lamp is installed on a lantern ring fixedly connected with the outward-pushing end of the transverse electric telescopic rod,
a cleaning head is fixedly installed at the outward-stretching end of the cleaning electric telescopic rod, and the cleaning head is connected with a water supply assembly through a cleaning hose. 
The water supply assembly comprises a motor, a water pump and an electromagnetic valve. The water pump and the electromagnetic valve are sequentially installed at the front end of the motor. The cleaning agent adding assembly is composed of a cleaning agent storage cylinder, a guide rod, a top plate and an electromagnet. 
According to the automobile lamp cleaning device, the electric telescopic rod can push the scrubbing cotton to adsorb water spots on the surface of an automobile lamp, so that the automobile lamp is comprehensively cleaned, and the brightness of the automobile lamp is not affected.
The invention discloses a new energy automobile spare tire storage box. The storage box comprises a box body and a tire, a base plate is hinged to the top of the box body through hinges, a placement groove is formed in the box body, 
the middle of the tire is fixedly connected with a hub, the inner wall of the hub is fixedly connected with a supporting plate, one side of the supporting plate is fixedly connected with a mounting plate, 
the interior of the placement groove is fixedly connected with an annular plate, and the middle of the bottom of the inner wall in the placement groove is fixedly connected with a screw rod.
According to the new energy automobile spare tire storage box, the base plate is hinged to the top of the boxbody through the hinges to be protected to a certain extent, and the service life of the base plate is prolonged. 
Meanwhile, the situation that the placement groove is collided and accordingly noiseis generated can be prevented. The bottom of a gasket is in contact with the top of the mounting plate, operation is convenient, installation can be completed only by using a tool easy to obtain, andthe overall operation efficiency is improved.
The utility model belongs to the technical field of automotive power motor suspension system.
A motor power mounting structure for new energy automobile, includes the mount support, set up at the mounting panel of the installation position of mount support and set up the main spring subassembly of vulcanization in the suspension position of mount support, 
vulcanize main spring subassembly including the outer junk ring, natural rubber and the inner core cover that set gradually, outer junk ring, natural rubber, inner core cover vulcanize structure as an organic whole, 
the suspension position of mount support is provided with the mounting ring that matees with outer junk ring, outer junk ring matees the assembly and sets up in the mounting ring.
The utility model provides a suspension simple structure, suspension part light in weight can better realize the lightweight of new forms of energy motorcycle type, increases the charge material volume of whole car,
the utility model discloses a traditional welding, die -casting, vulcanization technology, suspension component structure is reasonable, excellent performance, low cost more is favorable to the wide application.
The invention discloses an on-board hydrogen energy protection device based on a new energy vehicle, and relates to the new energy vehicle technology field. 
By aiming at the problems of the gas storage tanks of the conventional hydrogen energy vehicles of vehicle safety problem caused by lack of good monitoring and sealing measures, the following technical scheme is provided: an installation caseis provided, 
and the inner walls of the two sides of the installation case are connected with two fixed blocks in a welded manner, and the top parts of the fixed blocks are fixedly connected with a cover plate. The left side of the bottom part of the cover plate is connected with a pressing rod in a welded manner, 
and the bottom end of the pressing rod is connected with a pressing roller in a welded manner. The bottom parts of the cover plate are connected with two pressing devices in a welded manner. The storage tanks are disposed under the pressing devices, 
and sponge carrying bases capableof sliding along the inner wall of the bottom part of the installation case are disposed under the storage tanks.
The on-board hydrogen energy protection device is advantageous in that the design is novel, the operation is simple, and a plurality of measures of sealing through the cover plate and sealing rings can be used to improve the safety performance of the storage tanks, and when gas leakageoccurs, alarms can be given to prompt workers, and therefore the safety performance of the vehicle can be improved.
The present invention relates to the technical field of new energy charging piles and discloses a new energy charging pile, which comprises a box body. The bottom of the inner wall of the box body isfixedly connected to a battery, an inverter and a controller. The top of the box body is fixedly connected to a support rod.
A swinging device is fixedly connected to the top end of the support rod. Asolar panel is fixedly connected to the top of the swinging device. A cleaning device is slidably connected to the top of the solar panel. 
The swinging device comprises a bottom frame. Telescopic rods are fixedly connected to the both sides of the bottom of the inner wall of the bottom frame. 
A sliding plate is slidably connected between the two sides of the inner wall of the bottom frame. One end of each telescopic rod is fixedly connected to the bottom of the sliding plate.
The new energy charging pile solves the problem that the solar panel cannot be adjusted by following the sky angle ofthe sun, the solar panel can closely follow the incident angle of sunlight at any time, the utilization of solar energy is maximized, and the conversion rate of new energy is improved.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile is with two -layer structure, lightweight aluminum alloy battery box, the battery box includes box and case lid, the battery box still includes a second floor structure, 
the second floor structure detachably install in the box, form first layer accommodation space between second floor structure and the box, 
case lid detachably fixes in the box top to form second floor accommodation space between case lid and the second floor structure, communicate with first layer accommodation space between the second floor accommodation space.
The utility model discloses a two -layer structure has improved the space utilization of battery box direction of height effectively, and the battery module can pile up the multilayer on the box direction of height, and the installation is firm.
The dull and stereotyped cavity structure of extrusion aluminium can be according to the size design of battery module installation with the nut, nut embedding convenience, the battery module installation of being convenient for.
The invention discloses a new energy ground cleaning device which comprises a head and a compartment. The head and the compartment form a cleaning device body. The bottom ends of the head and the compartment are provided with wheels. 
The left side of the head is provided with a door. The top of the compartment is provided with a first bracket and a second bracket, and the centers of the first bracket and the second bracket are cut by self thickness and then adhered to each other.
The new energy ground cleaning device is simple and easy to operate, low in maintenance cost, high in efficiency, better in cleaning effect, capable of saving consumables, the labor cost and the time, capable of cleaning a large-area site to create profit and save cost and solves the sanitation problem. 
At the same time, a sprayer is arranged at the device end to spray water and avoid dust. The floor is thoroughly cleaned by rotating a hair brush. Possible personal injury is avoided. No channel or area is required to be closed during cleaning.
Provided is a new energy generated electric energy quality monitoring device based on a CAN bus which is applied in the new energy generation field.
At present, the new energy generated-based microgrid technology is developing rapidly; however, a new energy generation system has a lot of electric power electronic equipment, which influences the electric energy quality; 
in order to ensure user electrical safety, monitoring is necessary for the electric energy quality. 
Meanwhile the microgrid needs to perform real time monitoring for electric energy quality in a power grid and has higher requirements for timely date update, which requires the high speed performance of data transmission.
The utility model provides a new energy generated electric energy quality monitoring device based on CAN bus, comprising a sampling module, a signal processing module, a display module and a CAN communication module.
The device can realize the real time measurement of alternating voltage, alternating current, direct voltage, direct current, frequency and harmonic wave in the new energy generated system and rapidly transmits data to correlative equipment for analysis in dependence on the CAN bus.
The invention relates to a new energy vehicle with a snow removing and painting make-up function. The new energy vehicle with the snow removing and painting make-up function comprises a vehicle body and four wheels; a painting make-up mechanism and a snow removing mechanism are arranged in an extending block; 
a driving mechanism comprises a first motor, a first gear and two moving units; the snowremoving mechanism comprises a swinging unit, a swinging rod, a swinging block, a second motor, a rotating rod and a plurality of rotating units; 
a snow scraping unit comprises grooves, first springs,lifting blocks, connecting rods, supporting blocks, brushes and two connecting assemblies; and the painting make-up mechanism comprises a compression unit, a push plate, a communication pipe, a storage box, an air inlet pipe and an air exhaust pipe. 
According to the new energy vehicle with the snow removing and painting make-up function, by using the snow removing mechanism, large amounts of snowpiled on an engine hood can be removed to prevent the snow from being blown to a front windscreen glass during the running of the new energy vehicle to affect the vision of the driver; 
and not only that, by using the painting make-up mechanism, the new energy vehicle can repair aged or damaged paint on the engine hood so as to maintain the beauty of the new energy vehicle.
The utility model relates to a chassis assembling system applied to a new energy automobile. The chassis assembling system comprises a bearing mechanism and a first conveying mechanism.
The bearing mechanism is used for bearing a front suspension assembly part, a power battery and a rear suspension assembly part.
The first conveying mechanism is used for conveying the bearing mechanism; the firstconveying mechanism is provided with a chassis assembling station, a front-back suspension tightening station and a power battery tightening station which are arranged at intervals in the conveying direction. 
The front and rear suspension tightening station and the power battery tightening station are both located behind the chassis assembling station, a first tightening mechanism is arranged on the front and rear suspension tightening station and used for tightening the first fastener and the third fastener, 
and a second tightening mechanism is arranged on the power battery tightening stationand used for tightening the second fastener.
According to the chassis assembling system applied to the new energy automobile, a three-electric system (a battery, an electric drive and an electric controller) of the new energy automobile can be conveniently installed, and the chassis assembling beat of the whole new energy automobile can be improved.
The utility model discloses a battery PACK fixed structure for new energy automobile, including battery PACK box and battery PACK case lid, 
and battery PACK case lid passes through battery PACK fixed bolster and can dismantle continuously with battery PACK box top, battery PACK fixed bolster includes support skeleton, slide mechanism and connecting piece, 
slide mechanism be arranged in the support skeleton the holding cavity and with the inboard sliding fit of the bottom openings of support skeleton, the connecting piece top wears to establish in proper order in slide mechanism's second spout and first spout, 
and the axis of first spout and second spout is parallel, and all the axis with the support skeleton is perpendicular, the connecting piece bottom wears to establish in proper order in battery PACK case lid and battery PACK box.
The utility model provides a battery PACK fixed structure for new energy automobile's simple structure, but also have little, the low in production cost of the assembly degree of difficulty and product yield and the high advantage of whole car assembly efficiency.
The invention relates to the technical field of new energy automobiles, and discloses a battery box for a new energy automobile. The battery box comprises a storage box, a baffle is movably installedat the top of the storage box, a fixing block is fixedly installed at the top of the baffle, 
a fixing bolt is connected to the top of the fixing block through threads, one end of the fixing bolt penetrates through and extends to the outside of the fixing block, and one end of the fixing bolt is movably connected with a dust screen located at the top of the baffle.
The invention discloses a bidirectional new energy vehicle charging pile with a charging and discharging function. The bidirectional new energy vehicle charging pile comprises a display module, a wireless transceiving unit, a control module, a charging/discharging module, a charging relay and an AC/DC power source module.
The AC/DC power source module supplies power to the control module, the control module controls the charging relay to be connected and disconnected, a first vehicle charging interface discharges through the charging/discharging module, 
the charging/discharging module utilizes electric energy released by the first vehicle charging interface and electric energy provided by a power grid to charge through a second vehicle charging interface, 
a vehicle-mounted computer controls the control module through the wireless transceiving unit, and the display module displays the electric quantity in the charging and discharging process.
The new energy vehicle charging pile can charge and discharge a new energy vehicle, provide convenience for maintenance of a new energy vehicle battery, and increase the utilization rate of the energy.
The invention relates to a safe and reliable battery with a good heat dissipation effect for a new energy vehicle. The safe and reliable battery comprises a chassis, a vehicle body, four wheels and aphotovoltaic panel. 
The chassis is internally provided with a battery pack, a detection mechanism and two heat dissipation mechanisms.The heat dissipation mechanisms each comprise a reciprocating assembly, a connecting line and at least two fins, and the detection mechanism comprises a resistor and two detecting assemblies. 
The detecting assemblies each comprise a clamping unit and a wire, and the clamping units each comprise a supporting plate, supporting rods, a driving unit, a sliding block, a sliding groove, a supporting block and two driven units. 
According to the safe and reliable battery with the good heat dissipation effect for the new energy vehicle, the detection mechanism detects whether the battery pack has power or not, and reminds a user when the battery is insufficient, sothat the practicality of the new energy vehicle battery is improved; 
the heat dissipation area is expanded through the heat dissipation mechanisms, so that the heat dissipation efficiency is improved,and the heat dissipation effect of the new energy vehicle battery is better.
The utility model discloses a solar energy auxiliary charging system comprising a solar energy storage battery with a solar cell panel, a to-be-charged battery connected with the solar energy storage battery through a power switch, 
a whole automobile controller connected respectively with the solar energy storage battery and the to-be-charged battery, and an electric quantity feedback device connected with the whole automobile controller.
The solar energy auxiliary charging system can store the solar energy through the solar energy storage battery with the solar cell panel at ordinary times, and can charge the to-be-charged battery of the automobile when necessary, 
so that the times of the new energy automobile being charged in the charging station are reduced, and the indirect pollution to the environment is further reduced.
The invention discloses a new energy explosion-proof lithium battery. The lithium battery comprises a body housing, a plurality of groups of bolts are arranged on one side of the outer surface of themain body shell; a top cover is arranged on one side of the top end of the main body shell; 
a plurality of groups of first clamping grooves are formed in one side of the interior of the top cover; a dry powder fire extinguishing block is arranged on one side of the inner wall of the first clamping groove; Multiple sets of heat dissipation holes are formed in the two sides of the interior of the main body shell. 
A transverse rod is fixedly installed on one side of the inner wall of the main body shell, a vertical rod is fixedly installed on one side of the outer surface of the transverse rod, acooling fan is arranged on the side, close to the cooling holes, of the interior of the main body shell,
a lithium battery is arranged on one side of the inner bottom of the main body shell, and a sealing ring is arranged between the main body shell and the top cover.
According to the new energy explosion-proof lithium battery disclosed by the invention, the whole device can use the lithium battery more stably, unnecessary loss caused by explosion of the lithium battery can be prevented, and a better use prospect is brought.
The utility model discloses an adjustable angle's new forms of energy water heater, including the new forms of energy water heater, the fixing base is installed to the bottom of new forms of energy water heater, fixed foot is installed on the top of new forms of energy water heater, 
the bottom mounting of support column has the running wheel, the bottom center department of fixing base is fixed with the pivot, the one end of pivot is provided with the bearing frame, the surface of supporting baseplate is provided with circular track, 
support column center department is fixed with L sections pole, the one end of L sections pole is fixed with the screw seat, be provided with the double -screw bolt on the screw seat, screw seat and L sections pole are passed to the one end of double -screw bolt, 
the outside of supporting baseplate is edge -fixed to have wear pad.
The utility model discloses, the center department of supporting baseplate is fixed with the bearing frame, and is provided with the pivot on the bearing frame, and the one end of pivot is fixed mutually with the fixing base, makes the new forms of energy water heater on the fixing base rotate, realizes the regulation of angle, and the new forms of energy water heater rotates stabilizing more.
The utility model relates to a photovoltaic new-energy culture color illuminating lamp box and belongs to the technical filed of new-energy application.
During the day, sunlight shines on a solar battery on the glass surface of the color illuminating lamp box arranged outside a room to generate direct current. 
The direct current is input into a controller to be adjusted through a wire-connecting box and a conducting wire, input into a circuit of a color light-emitting diode (LED) energy-saving lamp tube due to closing of a photosensitive self-control switch during the day, and then input into a storage battery to store electrical energy through the conducting wire. 
At night, the photosensitive self-control switch opens the circuit of the color LED energy-saving lamp tube, the direct current output from the storage battery is input into an inverter through the conducting wire and the controller, and converted into alternating current through the inverter,
the alternating current output by the inverter is input into the color LED energy-saving lamp tube through the conducting wire and the photosensitive self-control switch to be supplied to the color LED energy-saving lamp tube, 
and the electrical energy in the color LED energy-saving lamp tube can be converted into light energy to illuminate color advertisement characters on glass on two sides of the color illuminating lamp box.
The invention relates to the technical field of mechanical equipment, and discloses a new energy mechanical arm plastic welding machine which comprises a base. The machine is characterized in that a fixed box is fixedly connected to the top of the base, 
a first motor is fixedly connected between the two sides of the inner wall of the fixed box through the base, an output shaft of a second motor isfixedly connected with a rotating shaft through a coupler, one end of the first motor is fixedly connected with a thread rod, 
a movable block is in threaded connection with the surface of the threadrod, one side of the movable block penetrates through the fixed box and extends out of the fixed box, the side, extending out of the fixed box, of the movable block is fixedly connected with a first connection rod, 
and the side, away from the movable block, of the first connection rod is fixedly connected with the second motor.
According to the new energy mechanical arm plastic welding machine, the problems that existing plastic welding machines are inconvenient to adjust and too low in automation degree are solved, the work burden of people is relieved, and working efficiency is improved.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile's spare part conveyer, the jump spring press mounting apparatus comprises a fixed pedestal, unable adjustment base's top is provided with transporttable, 
transport table's top both sides all are provided with vertical ascending backup pad, two the top of backup pad all is provided with fixed block parallel relatively,
two be provided with the horizontally conveyer belt on the transport table between the backup pad, it is two sets of the top of fixed block all is provided with vertical ascending expansion bracket, and is two sets of all be connected with the fixed plate between the top of expansion bracket.
The utility model discloses can be when using, carry out flexibility according to the width of new energy automobile's spare part andadjust first baffle and second baffle, be convenient for in the transportation, carry out spacing transportation to the both sides of spare part to after the transportation, 
let new energy automobile's spare part accuracy fall into the inside of collecting box, it results in in disorder phenomenon to prevent to drop when collecting to spare part outward, more convenient during the use.
The invention discloses a wind power storage device convenient to mount and used for a new energy vehicle. The wind power storage device comprises a rotating blade, a shell, a power generator, a battery pack, a battery mounting box, a chassis, an air pump and an inflating solenoid valve; 
a partition plate is fixedly mounted in the chassis, a mounting bin is arranged in the chassis, a motor is fixedly mounted in the mounting bin of the chassis, the motor is located on the right side of the partition plate, and a controller is fixedly mounted on the position, located on the left side of the partition plate, of the chassis; 
and a shaft hole is formed in the center of the top of the chassis and located directly above a transmission shaft of the motor, 
a ring rotating groove is fixedly formed in the top of the chassis, the ring rotating groove and the shaft hole are arranged in a concentricity mode, and a bearing seat is fixedly mounted at the center of the bottom of the battery mounting box.
The wind power storage device convenient to mount and used for the new energy vehicle is simple in structure and reasonable in design, can charge the battery pack by using the wind generated by thevehicle in the driving process, 
radiate the battery pack, prolong the service life of the battery pack, improve the performance of the battery pack, and is worth popularizing.
The utility model relates to a new energy automobile all-in-one equipment telescopic integrated support and an automobile, and the new energy automobile all-in-one equipment telescopic integrated support is used for installing all-in-one equipment of a new energy automobile and comprises a support, a fixing shaft, a main support and an automobile frame installation part.
Wherein the main bracket is fixedly connected with the frame mounting part, and the frame mounting part can be fixed with a new energy automobile frame; 
the support is detachably connected with the main support, and an installation space is formed by the main support and the support and used for containing all-in-one equipment. One end of the fixed shaft is fixedly connected with the support, and the other end is a free end; 
the main support is slidably connected with the fixing shaft in a sleeved mode, and the support and the fixing shaft can move in the axial direction of the fixing shaft.
According to the telescopicintegrated support for the all-in-one equipment of the new energy automobile, due to the arrangement of the support, the fixing shaft and the main support,
in the maintaining and repairing process, the support provided with the all-in-one equipment can sink to be repaired only by detaching the main support and the support, and the telescopic integrated support is very convenient to use.
The invention relates to the technical field of new energy vehicle equipment, and discloses a new energy vehicle charging device. The new energy vehicle charging device comprises ground, a sliding groove is formed in the ground, and a box body is fixedly mounted at the bottom of the inner wall of the sliding groove. 
A supporting block is fixedly mounted at the bottom of an inner cavity of the boxbody, and a motor is fixedly mounted at the top of the supporting block. An output shaft of the motor penetrates through the box body and extends to the left side of the box body, 
and the output shaft of the motor is fixedly provided with a drive gear.
The sliding groove is internally provided with a machine body. According to the new energy vehicle charging device, through the cooperation betweenrotary tables, clamping columns, limiting columns, second torsion springs and a fastening device, the contraction of a first connecting pipe and a second connecting pipe which are connected with a charging handle is facilitated, 
a user conveniently pulls out and fixes corresponding length of the second connecting pipe according to the distance of a charging opening of the vehicle to the chargingdevice, so that charging of the vehicle is facilitated, and the situation that charging of the vehicle by the user is inconvenient as a charging pipe is too long or short is avoided.
The utility model provides a new energy system is from assisting supporting component, characterized by: the vacuum circuit breaker inlet and outlet wiring sheath comprises a sheath, the sheath middle part is equipped with circular through -hole, be equipped with the slider in the circular through -hole, 
the slider laminating is on the inner wall of circular through -hole, be equipped with the spout hole on the slider, the sheath comprises last sheath and lower sheath, it is the semi -circle with lower sheath to go up the sheath, 
the slider includes two, is located sheath and lower sheath respectively, the spout pore pair is called to set up on the slider, the downthehole main beam that is equipped with axially movable of spout.
The utility model discloses a new energy system is from assisting supporting component adopts novel structure, adopts the higher H shaped steel of intensity, and stability is strong, sets up adjustable mounting hole, 
and the fitting limit is extensive to having the micro -adjustment function, having improved equipment fixing stability, application scope is wide, has improved the support intensity of equipment.
The utility model provides a heat dissipation type new energy automobile battery guard box relates to the new forms of energy field.
This heat dissipation type new energy automobile battery guard box,including the box, the inside fixedly connected with fan of box, first spout has been seted up on the left side wall of box,
the inside of first spout is provided with first slider, the inboard fixedly connected with connecting plate of first slider, the second spout has been seted up on the right side wall of box, 
the inside of second spout is provided with the second slider, the inboard fixedlyconnected with riser of second slider.
This heat dissipation type new energy automobile battery guard box, through being provided with first slider, first spout, connecting plate, third spout, riser,second spout, first fixed plate and second fixed plate, 
first spout carries out buffer adjustment from top to bottom with the sliding connection of first slider and the sliding connection guide connecting plate of third spout and third slider, and buffer spring makes progress spacingly with the buffer block and the buffering.
The utility model discloses a new forms of energy commodity circulation car carriage intelligence temperature control device, the power distribution box comprises a box body, fixedly connected with diaphragm between the both sides of box inner wall, fixedly connected with baffle between the bottom of diaphragm and the bottom of box inner wall, 
all through U type groove from the right side to parting other first filter of fixedly connected with and second filter on the left side between the top of diaphragm and the top of box inner wall, the left side fixedly connected with motor at box top, 
and the first belt pulley of output shaft fixedly connected with of motor, the utility model relates to a commodity circulation transportation equipment technical field.
This new forms of energy commodity circulation car carriage intelligence temperature control device can the peculiar smell filter the dust in the carriage, has improved the practicality of device, and the convenient to detach filter, washs the filter, has improved the life of device, can control the temperature of interior, prevents that its inside goods is rotten, reduces the quality of goods, has improved the practicality of device.
The invention discloses an outdoor charging pile for new energy vehicles. The outdoor charging pile comprises a fan, a sliding door, a charging pile main unit, a sliding base, a water receiving bucketand a bottom box, wherein the sliding base is fixedly mounted at the top of the bottom box; 
a left side plate is fixedly mounted at the left side of the top of the sliding base; a right side plate isfixedly mounted at the right side of the top of the sliding base; a rear end plate is fixedly mounted at the rear end of the top of the sliding base; the left side plate, the right side plate and therear end plate form a cavity; 
a top plate is fixedly mounted at the top of the cavity; the fan is fixedly mounted at the top of the top plate; the charging pile main unit is slidably mounted at the top of the sliding base; the charging pile main unit is positioned inside the cavity; 
and a winder and a charging gun mounting frame are fixedly mounted at the front end of the charging pile main unit.
The outdoor charging pile for the new energy vehicles can prevent the charging pile main unit from being exposed so as to prolong the service life of the charging pile main unit, and has good heat dissipation, ventilation and dust removal functions so as to avoid dust accumulation of the charging pile main unit and provide a guarantee of safe charging for the new energy vehicles.
The utility model relates to an intelligent new energy automobile with with clapping function, including automobile body and wheel, still be equipped with the receiving room on the automobile body, still be equipped with in the receiving room and take the photograph camera, jack and fixed establishment, 
this intelligent new energy automobile with with clapping function takes the photograph camerathrough the jack drive for take the photograph camera and can follow different highly taking, thereby increase imaging angle, make the shooting effect better, 
in addition, camera will be taken the photograph through fixed establishment and the top at the automobile body will be fixed for the shooting personnel need not whole journey and are lifting and take the photograph camera, have alleviateedintensity of labour, 
simultaneously, compare the handheld mode of taking the photograph camera, and fixed establishment can more firmly fix and take the photograph camera, if meet the highway sectionof jolting, can avoid taking the photograph the camera landing and cause the damage, thereby avoid bringing certain economic loss.
The utility model relates to the technical field of nutshells, and discloses a new energy multimedia nutshell, which comprises a base, and the nutshell is fixedly mounted at the top of the base.
The utility model discloses a new energy multimedia shell box. The fruit shell box, the collecting box and the cigarette extinguishing box are arranged; people can normally throw garbage and extinguish cigarette ends; 
meanwhile, a display screen, a partition plate, a spring, a pressing block and a closing plate are arranged above the base; a worker can clamp the closing plate into the partition plate;the closing plate is clamped and fixed by extruding the spring; the display screen is protected; 
meanwhile, when disassembly is needed, disassembly is convenient, only the closing plate needs to be pushed to extrude the spring; the solar panel, the energy storage battery and the energy conveying pipe are arranged above the display screen, 
the solar panel can convert light energy into electric energy to be used by the display screen, the energy storage battery can store the electric energy, the display screen can operate normally in case of power failure, and the display screen is more convenient for a user to use.
The invention discloses a device and method for diagnosing the state of a high-voltage relay of a new energy automobile. The device comprises a first controller, a second controller, a relay driving module, the high-voltage relay, 
a relay coil voltage collecting module, a high-voltage output voltage collecting module, a first power supply module and an insulating power supply module,
wherein the relay coil voltage collecting module is used for detecting the voltage of a coil of the high-voltage relay; the high-voltage output voltage collecting module is used for detecting the voltages at the two ends of a switch of the high-voltage relay; 
the first controller and the second controller are respectively in signaling connection with a CAN bus; and the first controller is used for judging the faults of the relay driving module and the high-voltage relay.
The device for diagnosing the state of the high-voltage relay of the new energy automobile, disclosed by the invention, has the functions of low-voltage driving output feedback and high-voltage output detection; the high-voltage power distribution and the function safety are guaranteed; and the service life of a general positive relay is prolonged.
The invention discloses a new-energy automobile battery box which comprises a box body,a box cover is arranged at the top of the box body,sliding grooves are formed in the two sides of the inner bottom of the box body,
first sliding blocks matched with the sliding grooves are arranged inside the sliding grooves,a buffer plate is arranged between the first sliding blocks,a buffer device is arrangedat the bottom of the buffer plate,
the bottom of the buffer device is fixedly connected with the inner bottom of the box body,a partition plate is arranged in the middle of the top of the buffer plate,new energy batteries are arranged at the two sides of the partition plate,
the two sides of the new energy batteries are each provided with a rubber block,and the rubber blocks are fixed to the inner wall of the box body and the side edge of the partition plate.
The new-energy automobile battery box has the advantages that the design is reasonable,use is convenient,the cooling efficiency is effectively improved,damage caused by driving vibration to a battery is effectively avoided,and therefore the service life is effectively prolonged.
The utility model relates to a pickling installation especially relates to a new energy batteries production is with multistage pickling installation of single crystal silicon rod.
The to -be -solvedtechnical problem of the utility model is to provide a new energy batteries production is with multistage pickling installation of single crystal silicon rod that can carry out the pickling to singlecrystal silicon rod every aspect.
In order to solve above -mentioned technical problem, the utility model provides a such new energy batteries production is with multistage pickling installation of single crystal silicon rod is including frame, connecting rod,
baffle, screen frame, backup pad, pickling frame, spray tube, feed liquor pipe etc. 
The top right side is connected with the connecting rodin the frame, and the connecting rod bottom is connected with the screen frame, and screen frame roof right part is opened there is first through -hole, and screen frame top right side bilateral symmetry rotary type is connected with the baffle.
The utility model discloses be provided with motor, first bull stick, first gear, first rack, first slide rail, first spring and first slider, through the control motor rotation, realize letting the continuous up -and -down motion in the pickling frame of screen frame.
The utility model discloses an automobile new energy battery fixing box. Outer shell, a first spring is mounted on the inner side wall of the outer shell; a second spring is fixedly mounted on the inner bottom wall of the outer shell; 
the outer shell fixedly supports the fixed shell through a first spring, a first spring seat, a second spring and a second spring seat; 
mounting bases are fixedly mounted on the two sides of the lower end of the outer shell, connecting holes are formed in the middles of the mounting bases, 
a first rotating shaft is mounted at the upper end of the outer shell andpenetrates through the interior of a first outer shaft body, and a pull rod shell is fixedly mounted on one side of the first outer shaft body.
The automobile new energy battery fixing box disclosed by the utility model is provided with the spring, the pull rod and the cover plate, so that the vibration borne by the battery pack can be effectively reduced,
the battery pack can be more stably fixed, and poor contact of batteries due to shaking is prevented; the battery pack can be protected from damp short circuit by arranging the cover plate, and the service life of the battery pack is prolonged.
The invention discloses a new energy battery pack, and particularly relates to the technical field of new energy. The new energy battery pack comprises a shell. A bottom plate is arranged in the shell. A cavity is formed in the bottom plate. 
A new energy battery pack is arranged at the top of the bottom plate. A transverse plate is arranged at the top end in the shell. Fans are arranged at the bottom of the transverse plate. A water pump is arranged at the top of the shell. A water tank is arranged on one side of the water pump. 
A first hose is arranged at the input end of the water pump, andthe first hose is communicated with the water tank. A second hose is arranged at the output end of the water pump.
The sucked cooling liquid is conveyed into the bottom plate through the second hose and can cool the bottom of the new energy batteries, and then, the cooling liquid in the bottom plate flows back into the water tank through a third hose. 
The cooling liquid can be recycled through thewater pump, the water tank and the bottom plate, the new energy batteries can be comprehensively cooled through cooperation of the fan and the cooling liquid, and the cooling efficiency can be improved.
The invention relates to the technical field of garbage cans, and discloses a new energy garbage can which comprises a can body. A baffle penetrating through and extending to the top of the outer sideof the can body is fixedly connected to the bottom of an inner cavity of the can body. 
An isolation layer located on the left side of the baffle is fixedly connected to the interior of the can body.A storage layer located on the right side of the baffle is fixedly connected to the interior of the can body. 
A supporting rod penetrating through and extending to the top on the outer side of the canbody is fixedly connected to the bottom of an inner cavity of the storage layer. A fixing rod is fixedly connected to the top of the baffle. 
The top of the supporting rod is fixedly connected with the fixing plate.A photovoltaic assembly is fixedly connected to the top of the fixing plate. 
According to the new energy garbage can, due to the arrangement of the photovoltaic assembly, an inverter and a storage battery, solar energy is absorbed through the photovoltaic assembly, solar energy is converted into electric energy through the inverter, 
electric energy is transmitted into the storage battery through a second line pipe for storage, accordingly, the effect of utilizing new energy for power generation is achieved, and the effect of saving energy is achieved.
The utility model discloses a hydraulic pressure oil distributor for new forms of energy vehicle relates to new energy automobile accessory technical field, including check valve, filter core, accumulator and solenoid valve, 
hydraulic oil flows through in proper order check valve, filter core, accumulator and solenoid valve, electromagnetic valve is connected with the hydro -cylinder, the check valve with be connected with the overflow valve between the filter core,
the filter core export is equipped with a pressure sensor and the 2nd pressure sensor in proper order, the solenoid valve with be connected with the 3rd pressure sensor between the hydro -cylinder.
The utility model discloses a hydraulic pressure oil distributor can reduce the waste of energy, and the volume of whole distributor is less, and is easy to assemble.
The invention discloses an ignition device of a new energy vehicle. The ignition device comprises an ignition coil, wherein the top end of the ignition coil is fixedly equipped with a connecting insertion rod; the top end of the connecting insertion rod is fixedly equipped with a first spring; 
the top end of the first spring is fixedly equipped with a connecting insertion tube; and a connecting insertion slot is formed in the inner wall of the connecting insertion tube.
According to the ignition device of the new energy vehicle disclosed by the invention, the material is not wasted and troubleis not caused as the ignition coil does not need to replace due to the mounting problem;
a heat dissipation plate can be arranged for dissipating heat for the ignition coil, so that the service lifeof the ignition coil is guaranteed; 
a spark plug is movably connected to a threaded slot through threads, so that mounting of the spark plug can be guaranteed to be stable, and the spark plug can be replaced and maintained more conveniently; 
and moreover, a threaded column can guarantee stability of the spark plug and improves vibration reduction performance of the spark plug through movable connection of a hollow tube, a solid rod and a third spring, so that the use effect is better.
The utility model provides a control system of a new energy bus, the new energy bus comprises a passenger door, the control system comprises a controller, a door control switch, a door opening solenoid valve, 
a door closing solenoid valve, a bus speed signal detection device and a position detection device, and the controller is used for controlling the opening and closing of the passenger door according to a bus speed value and the opening and closing state information of the passenger door.
The passenger door is controlled by the control system of the new energy bus; it can be guaranteed that a vehicle can normally run only when the passenger door is closed, 
the passenger door can be opened only when the passenger car is completely stopped stably, it is guaranteed that the passenger doorcan be opened and closed only in a safe state through a control strategy, and then the riding safety and the vehicle running safety of the passenger car are guaranteed.
The invention provides a monitoring system and maintenance monitoring method for an air conditioner of a new energy electric bus, wherein the monitoring system comprises a PLC (programmable logic controller), 
a multi-relay switch integrated circuit, a first remote communication circuit, an operation service terminal, a second remote communication circuit, a mobile terminal, a DC-AC power supply circuit, a DC-DC power source circuit, 
an evaporation temperature sensor, a condensing temperature sensor, an exterior temperature sensor, an interior temperature sensor, a compressor overheat protection switch, a current meter, a GPS (global positioning system) positioning circuit and a pressure meter.
By using the monitoring system and maintenance monitoring method, and the problem of the prior art is solved that troublesome application for maintenance and long time on rush-repair route occur after the air conditioner of the new energy electric bus is damaged.
The invention discloses a new energy battery alarm device. The device comprises a housing and a cover plate. The top end of the housing is stably connected with a cover plate through a bolt. Mountingcavities are formed in the two sides of the interiors of the cover plate correspondingly. 
Alarms are connected to the interiors of the two mounting cavities through screws correspondingly. Sound transmission holes communicating with the mounting cavities are formed in the two sides of the top of the cover plate correspondingly .
A storage battery is connected to the top end of the interior of the housing through screws, and a charging and discharging plug is connected to the bottom of the housing through screws.
In the present invention, when the battery is pulled out and taken down .the controller starts timing. When set response time is exceeded, the controller immediately controls the charging and discharging plug to be powered off and cannot provide electric power. 
Meanwhile, the alarmsare controlled to be turned on, harsh alarm sound is emitted. Attention of surrounding personnel is attracted, lawbreakers are frightened, 
the alarms can be turned off only by switching on a programming tool at the charging and discharging plug, and the anti-theft effect of the new energy battery is remarkably improved.
The invention discloses a hybrid new energy power generation device, which comprises a bottom plate. The top of the bottom plate is fixedly connected with a sliding plate. Buffer devices are fixedly connected to the two sides of the top of the sliding plate. 
The tops of the two buffer devices are fixedly connected with a supporting plate. A supporting block is fixedly connected to the bottom of the supporting plate. Movable rods are movably connected to the two sides of the bottom of the supporting block. 
Sliding blocks are movably connected to the bottom ends of the two movable rods. A telescopic rod is fixedly connected between the opposite sides of the surfaces of the two sliding blocks. The invention relates to the technical field of power generation devices.
According to the hybrid new energy power generation device, the top of the bottom plate is fixedly connected with the sliding plate, and the buffer devices are fixedly connected to the two sides of the top of the sliding plate, so that a good damping and buffering effect can be achieved for the power generation device in the working process, 
the damage degree of parts in the power generation device due to vibration is reduced, and therefore, cost is saved.
The invention relates to a new energy vehicle with a good automatic parking effect, comprising a vehicle body and four wheels. The wheels are evenly arranged at the bottom end of the vehicle body, thevehicle body is internally provided with a control mechanism and four cleaning mechanisms, 
the cleaning mechanisms and the wheels are in one-to-one correspondence, the control mechanism includes a lifting assembly and a rotating assembly, the rotating assembly includes a driving unit and four rotating units, 
the driving unit includes a lifting plate, a driving motor and a driving bevel gear, eachrotating unit comprises a driven bevel gear, a connecting block, a connecting shaft and a roller, 
each cleaning mechanism comprises two cleaning components, which are respectively disposed on the twosides of the corresponding wheel, and each cleaning component comprises a reciprocating unit, a moving unit and a cleaning unit. 
The new energy vehicle with the good automatic parking effect realizesthe function of parking in a narrow area through the control mechanism, and not only realizes the function of cleaning an ice layer by the cleaning mechanisms, but also avoids the wheels being frozen.
The utility model discloses a firm and durable cable for a new energy automobile. Cable comprising a cable body, the cable body comprises a heat insulation layer. A shielding layer, a braided layer, areinforced sheath layer 
and a wear-resistant layer are sequentially arranged outside the thermal insulation layer; a charging cable wire core and a grounding wire core are arranged in the heat insulation layer; 
a plurality of signal wire cores are arranged on the outer side of the charging cable wire core; simple structure, construction is clear and easy to understand, the charging cable wire core, the grounding wire core and the signal wire core in the cable body are respectively used for charging, grounding and signal transmission. 
And the thermal insulation layer, the shielding layer, thebraiding layer, the reinforced sheath layer and the wear-resistant layer are arranged outside the cable, so that the cable has the advantages of thermal insulation, fire prevention, signal shielding,tear resistance, stretching resistance and wear resistance, 
high overall structural strength and powerful functions, and is the first choice for outdoor charging cables of new energy vehicles.
The invention discloses a high-flame-resistant composite material for a new energy resource high-voltage cable and a preparation method of the high-flame-resistant composite material. The high-flame-resistant composite material prepared from nylon resin, an acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene copolymer, a vinyl acetate copolymer, linear low density polyethylene,
pentaerythritol stearate, an inorganicfiller, vinyl triamine, polyacrylonitrile based carbon fibers, a compatibilizer, an antioxidant and a lubricant,
it has excellent flame retardance, can be accordant with a UL94V0 combustion grade, is highin mechanical strength, does not contain toxic and harmful substances, is environment-friendly and can be used for preparing the new energy resource high-voltage cable.
The utility model particularly relates to a rapid cooling die device for a battery box of a new energy automobile. The utility model belongs to the technical field of casting machining, 
the technicalproblem to be solved by the utility model is to provide the cooling device, the utility model discloses a new energy automobile battery box mold device capable of ensuring that a product is solidifiedfrom top to bottom. 
The adopted technical scheme is as follows: a third spiral pipe is arranged in the circumferential direction of the pouring gate; the upper mold and the lower mold form a batterybox casting mold cavity; a cavity is formed in the upper die, a first spiral pipe spirally arranged around the cavity is arranged on the upper portion of the cavity, 
a liquid outlet of the first spiral pipe is communicated with a second spiral pipe on the lower portion of the cavity, a first liquid outlet is formed in the communication position of the first spiral pipe and the second spiral pipe,and a second liquid outlet of the second spiral pipe is communicated with a third spiral pipe.
The spiral pipes with different inner diameters are arranged in the upper die, so that the upper part ofa product can be quickly condensed, the condensation speed of the product is increased, and the quality of the product is guaranteed.
The invention discloses an IOT (Internet of things)-based fault diagnosis device for new-energy automobiles. The IOT-based fault diagnosis device comprises multiple detection hosts, wherein the multiple detection hosts are all connected with a background monitoring center through the Internet and are mounted on a center console inside an automobile, 
display screens are arranged on the detection hosts, a plurality of alarm indicator lamps are arranged at tops of the detection hosts, a signal transmission interface is arranged at one side of each detection host, a core detecting circuit board isarranged in an internal cavity of each detection host,
and a microprocessor, a memory, a signal acquisition unit, a signal amplifier and a signal transmission module are arranged on each core detecting circuit board. 
The IOT-based fault diagnosis device is simple in principle of structure and high in degree of intellectualization, fault information of a plurality of new-energy automobiles can bemonitored in a unified manner, the fault detection accuracy is high, and the efficiency of monitoring of the new-energy automobiles can be increased.
The utility model discloses a new energy batteries positioning and clamping device, the device comprises a device body, the device body is the cavity structure, seted up two bar spouts on the bottom inner wall of device body, 
and the bar spout is located the bottom inner wall both sides of device body, a plurality of accent knothole have all been seted up on the bottom inner wall of bar spout, this internally is equipped with two regulating plates the device, 
and the regulating plate sets up with the bar spout is perpendicular, the both sides of regulating plate all are equipped with the installation piece, the top of installation piece is equipped with the locating pin, and the one end of locating pin run through the installation piece extend to transfer knothole in, 
two be equipped withtwo splint between the regulating plate, splint respectively and be equipped with the elastic mechanism between the regulating plate, wherein the elastic mechanism includes locating lever and elasticrod.
The utility model relates to a rationally, it is tight that the line location clamp is advanced to not unidimensional new energy batteries to the convenience, and protection battery case does notreceive the damage, effectively improves this positioning and clamping device's service property (quality).
The invention relates to an intelligent new energy truck with a function of preventing fatigue driving. The truck comprises a cab, a chassis, a cargo box and eight wheels, and also comprises a photovoltaic panel and a climbing mechanism. 
A reminding mechanism includes an overturning assembly and a clamping assembly. The overturning assembly includes a fixing plate, a drive unit, a drive rod, a connecting rod and a driven rod. The clamping assembly includes a fixing rod, a slip ring, two power units and two clamping units. 
The intelligent new energy truck with the function of preventing the fatigue driving provides a driver with a foothold through the climbing mechanism when the driver climbs the truck, so the driver is easier to enter into the cab. 
Compared with the traditional climbing mechanism, the climbing mechanism saves space and is more stable. The reminding mechanism can stimulate nerves of the driver to relieve fatigue. 
Compared with the traditional reminding mechanism, the reminding mechanism runs more smoothly so as to enhance the practicability of the intelligent new energy truck.
The utility model relates to a technical field of new forms of energy commodity circulation car discloses a sectional type discharge pipe that is used for new forms of energy commodity circulation car air conditioner condenser, the discharge pipe is included, positive nut and female connector on the discharge pipe can be cup jointed, 
the step pipe into the minor diameter is established to the one end surface of discharge pipe, and the step pipe is gone up the cover and is equipped with O shape sealing washer, and the surface of the other end is equipped with the screw thread, it is protruding that the outer lane of discharge pipe is equipped with first annular on the surface, 
first annular protruding with the step pipe between the movable sleeve be equipped with between fender dish and fender dish and the first annular arch cover and have a spring, the ring channel that can pass first annular arch and fender and coil is seted up to the inner wall of positive nut, 
female connector's one end be equipped with with screw thread assorted screw, 
the other end be equipped with with discharge pipe assorted screwed pipe, be equipped with in the screwed pipe and be used for protruding wall in inseparable seal, solved the higher problem of cost that transportation, the dismouting of current pipeline material is comparatively difficult and maintain and change.
The utility model provides a new energy automobile fills electric gun with theftproof function relates to the battery charging outfit field.
This new energy automobile fills electric gun with theftproof function, including the connecting wire, the top fixedly connected with adapter sleeve of connecting wire, the top fixedly connected with of adapter sleeve fills the electric gun body, 
fill one side fixedly connected with connecting box of electric gun body, one side overlap joint that fills the electric gun body has insurable handle, one side near the connecting box of connecting box is setedup flutedly, 
the recess is close to one side fixedly connected with fuse holder of connecting box.
This new energy automobile fills electric gun with theftproof function carries out the installation insurance handle through pressing down according to the briquetting, simple structure, and convenient to use is swift, has improved the efficiency of charging, has avoided the loaded down with trivialdetails step of unnecessary, carries out the service restrictions through the cooperation of fuse holder and connector to the device, has improved the safe in utilization of device, locks and the unblock the device, improves the device security.
The utility model discloses a new forms of energy water heater with drying function, including the chassis, the chassis upper end is equipped with the water tank, temperature display instrument is installed to water tank one side, 
the temperature display instrument below is equipped with the cold water pipe, install the booster pump on the cold water pipe, the water tank surface is equipped with the radiation shield casing, the water tank upper end is equipped with the air outlet, the water tank is kept away from temperature display instrument one side and is equipped with the stoving case, 
stoving case upper end is equipped with the air intake, the heating pipe is equipped with the insulation cover outward, stoving bottom of the case end is equipped with the motor, the motor output end isconnected with the axis of rotation, the axis of rotation is established in stoving incasement portion, 
the fixed plate is installed to the axis of rotation upper end, fixed plate surface both ends are equipped with the bracing piece, be equipped with the heat -conducting plate between the bracing piece, 
the utility model discloses, improved the safety in utilization ability of new forms of energy water heaters, can dry to abluent clothing when using the water heater simultaneously, provided convenience.
The invention discloses a power supply device of a new energy source of a lithium ion battery applied to a water-saving sprinkling irrigation system. The power supply device comprises a power supply box body, a plurality of battery assemblies connected with the lithium ion battery in parallel, a first heat conduction copper shell, 
a second heat conduction copper shell, a first heat dissipation panel, a third heat dissipation panel, a first sealing layer, a second sealing layer, a first heat dissipation hole, a second heat dissipation hole, 
a ventilation port, a drainage port, a ceiling, a solar cell panel of a half-arc-shaped structure and with a downward opening, a water pump and a well. 
The power supply device has the advantages that the new energy source is utilized to provide electricpower for the sprinkling irrigation system, cleanness and no pollution are achieved, resources are saved, and unified control is carried out through a control unit to prevent the the battery assemblies from being overcharged or overdischarged; 
a soil humidity sensor monitors the soil humidity in real time, thereby providing convenience for supplementing water for soil; multiple heat dissipation structures are arranged on the power supply device, 
an extended structure and the sealing layers are interspersed among the heat dissipation panels, so that the heat dissipation and sealing effects areboth good, the accumulated water in the rainy weather can be discharged in time, and internal drying of the power supply device is maintained.
The invention relates to the technical field of new energy vehicle equipment, and discloses a new energy vehicle seat. The new energy vehicle seat comprises a sitting plate; the middle of the inner side of the sitting plate is movably connected with a back abutment plate; 
air outlets are formed in the middles of the front faces of the sitting plate and the back plates correspondingly; the side, away from the sitting plate, of the back abutment plate is fixedly connected with the middle of the front face of the bottom end of a shoulder lapping plate; 
the top of the shoulder lapping plate is fixedly connected with two telescopic rods; and the ends, away from the shoulder lapping plate, of the two telescopic rods are fixedly connected with the middles of the bottom ends of the left and rightsides of a head abutment plate correspondingly.
According to the new energy vehicle seat, through the action of a guiding-in device, an air outlet of a vehicle-mounted air conditioner and a three-waypipe are effectively connected, thus the vehicle-mounted air conditioner adjusts the temperature in a vehicle, meanwhile, 
air generated by the vehicle-mounted air conditioner is guided out through theair outlet and accordingly passes through the sitting plate and the back plate to achieve the temperature adjusting function, and the seat has the temperature adjusting function while the use ratio of the vehicle-mounted air conditioner is increased.
The invention discloses a carbon fiber enhanced PC material used for making a new energy automobile case. The carbon fiber enhanced PC material is prepared from the following raw materials including carbon fiber, PC resin, graphite, molybdenum disulfide, soapstone, mica, Teflon, wollastonite, aluminum oxide, silicon carbide, titanate, aluminate ester, titanate, isopropanol,
tri[2,4-di-tert-phenyl]phosphite ester, N,N-bis-(3-(3,5-di-tert-4-hydroxycyclohexyl phenyl)propionyl)hexamethylenediamine, tri(2,4-tert-phenyl)phosphite ester, acetone, nitric acid and sodium hydroxide,
wherein the specificgravity of the carbon fiber enhanced PC material is 0.821 to 0.889; the specific strength is 4.219*10<6> to 4.567*10<6> N.m/kg; the specific rigidity is 3.931*10<8> to 4.225*10<8>N.m/kg.
The invention also discloses the carbon fiber enhanced PC material used for making the new energy automobile case.
The material provided by the invention has the technical advantages that the weight of the new energy automobile case can be obviously reduced; the specific intensity and specific rigidity of the new energy automobile case can be obviously improved.
The invention relates to new energy equipment with a refuge removing function and a good heat dissipation effect. The new energy equipment comprises a base, a power generating box, a driving shaft, two paddles and two connecting blocks, 
wherein the two paddles are respectively arranged at two ends of the driving shaft and are in one-to-one correspondence to the connecting blocks; the connecting blocks are arranged on the driving shaft in a sleeving manner; the driving shaft is horizontally arranged; the power generating box is arranged above the driving shaft; 
the base is arranged below the driving shaft; a heat dissipating mechanism is arranged in the power generating box; a removing mechanism is arranged on the driving shaft and comprises an execution assembly and two power assemblies; 
the power assemblies are in one-to-one correspondence to the connecting blocks; each power assembly comprises two power units; the two power units are respectively arranged on two sides of each connecting block.
 The new energy equipment with the refuge removing function and the good heat dissipation effect realizes a heat dissipating function by the heat dissipating mechanism; besides, the refuge removing function is realized by the removing mechanism.
The utility model provides a new energy automobile fills electric gun.
New energy automobile fills electric gun for the auxiliary charging stake is charged, personally experiences sth. Part of the body and locates including the rifle the handle and the charging plug of the rifle body,
new energy automobile fills electric gun still locates including the cover the rifle body and with the relative sleeve that sets up of charging plug, set firmly in it locates to fill electric pile's joint portion, clamp the sleeve with flexible metal conduit between the joint portion, 
wherein, the sleeve can be followed the extending direction motion and the extrusion of the rifle body the flexible metal conduit.
The utility model provides a new energy automobile fills electric gun has solved in the correlation technique different users and has needed repeatedly to get to put and fill electric gun and lead to the technical problem that loses time from filling electric pile.
The invention relates to the technical field of new energy, and discloses a new energy solar panel flushing device comprising a bottom plate. A rotating handle is movably connected on the bottom end of the middle part of the bottom plate. A support base is movably connected on the right side of the upper end of the bottom plate.
A rotating rod is movably connected on the upper end of the support base. A pull rod is movably connected on the left end of the middle part of the rotating rod. A solar panel is movably connected at one side of that rotating rod away from the support base.
A chute ismovably connected on the upper end of the middle part of the bottom plate. A threaded column is movably connected on the bottom end of the inner wall of the chute. A connecting block is movably connected on the inner wall of the middle part of the chute. A nut is movably connected in the middle part of the connecting block. 
According to the new energy solar panel flushing device, the effect of adjustable angle of the solar panel can be achieved through the cooperative use of the support base, the rotating rod, the pull rod, the chute and the like,
and the effect of automatic cleaning and cooling can be achieved through the cooperative use of the structures of the push rod, the water tank, the water outlet, the baffle and the like.
The utility model relates to an infrared camera device for new energy automobile night vision auxiliary system, including main part and infrared transmitter, be equipped with protection machanism in the main part, it constructs to be equipped with infrared transmitter in the infrared transmitter, 
infrared transmitter constructs including a driving motor, first drive shaft, the translation piece, the bar tooth, driven gear, the apparatus further comprises a rotating shaft, first infrared lamp, second infrared lamp and buffer block, 
protection machanism includes the guard plate, unit and two actuating mechanism rotate, 
this an infrared camera device for new energy automobile night vision auxiliary system carries out the position switching through the infrared transmitter structure to first infrared lamp and second infrared lamp, 
make the driver select different infrared irradiation according to pavement condition, make things convenient for display screen clear display the place ahead road, realize safe driving at night, 
moreover, make the guard plate cover on the camera lens through protection machanism, prevent that the highlight from shining the inside CCD of destruction of main part through the camera lens, the device in the main part has been protected effectively.
The utility model provides a new energy automobile is with filling electric gun convenient to grip relates to the electric gun field of filling, including pedestal and rifle somatic part, the left side fixed mounting of pedestal has the backup pad, 
and the lower fixed surface of backup pad is connected with the boss, and the inside of pedestal is provided with to hold puts the groove, and there are portion of charging and the portion of gripping in the left and right sides of rifle somatic part threaded connection respectively, and the upside of rifle somatic part is provided with the stripperplate.
This new energy automobile is with filling electric gun convenient to grip, reduce the device and keep new energy automobile with filling the fastening that electric gun muzzle and car chargemouthful through setting up, avoid droing, 
when stripper plate or balance plate receive the extrusion that the car charges mouthful, the stripper plate atress extrudees downwards, it provides reactionforce to be close to each other between the connecting rod, 
the mouth keeps the state of locking with charging, it traditional needs people to grip hard to fill electric gun and make and fill electric gun and car and charge and mouthful keep in contact to change, reduce people's the amount of labour, electric gun is filled in better gripping.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile vacuum pump that brakes, comprising a base plate, the cavity has been offered on the plate body of bottom plate, vertical through -hole has been seted up at the top of cavity, the cavity internal rotation is connected with two -way spiral shell rasp bar, 
two -way spiral shell rasp bar's one end extends to the one side and the fixedly connected with control handle of bottom plate, set up competent through -hole on the plate body of control handle, ka dong has been offered to one side of bottom plate,
one side that the bottom plate was kept away from to the control handle is provided with fixed inserted bar, fixed inserted bar is T font structure, the horizontal body of rod of fixed inserted bar passes horizontal through -hole and extends to in the card hole, fixedly connected with spring assembly between fixed inserted bar and the control handle.
The utility model discloses make installation and the change that the vacuum pump can be comparatively convenient and quick, made things convenient for people's maintenance and change, 
and the radiating effect of vacuum pump is better, reduced the ages at a rate of part, guaranteed new energy automobile's braking effect, satisfied people and put the user demand in the life into production.
The invention discloses a new energy ultrasonic rolled film welding machine including an outer frame. The left side of the inner wall of the outer frame is fixedly connected with a motor. One end of an output shaft of the motor is fixedly connected with a first gear. 
The top of the first gear is meshed with a second gear, and the axle center of the second gear is fixedly connected with a lead screw. Two ends of the lead screw are connected with two sides of the inner wall of the outer frame in a rotating manner respectively, 
and the surface of the lead screw is in threaded connection with a movable block. The bottom of the movable block is fixedly connected with an ultrasonic generator. The bottom of the ultrasonic generator is fixedly connected with a welding head. 
The bottom of the innerwall of the outer frame is fixedly connected with a spring rod, and the top of the spring rod is fixed connected with a cross plate. The invention relates to the technical field of ultrasonic weldingmachine.
The new energy ultrasonic rolled film welding machine achieves the purpose of welding different positions, can be adjusted according to the needs, is convenient for people to use, prevents the movement of a thin film, and ensures implementation of welding.
The invention relates to the technical field of new energy automobile gearboxes, in particular to gear assembly equipment for a middle shaft of a new energy automobile gearbox. The equipment comprisesa working table, a left placement device, a right placement device, 
a left mounting device, a right mounting device, a left feeding device, a right feeding device and a bearing device used for fixinga middle shaft. The bearing device is installed in the middle of the top of the working table, 
the left placement device and the right placement device are located at the two sides in front of the bearing device respectively, and the left mounting device and the right mounting device are located at the two sides of the rear portion of the bearing device respectively; 
the left feeding device is arranged at the top of the working table and located at one side of the bearing device, the right feeding device is arranged at the top of the working table and located at the other side of the bearingdevice,
and the left feeding device, the right feeding device and the bearing device are arrayed in a linear mode; the assembly speed is increased, and during assembly, a limit strip on the middle shaft is aligned with a groove in a gear without labor.
The invention discloses a battery cooling system of a new-energy vehicle and belongs to the field of new energy. The battery cooling system comprises a battery packaging structure and a cooling system, wherein the battery packaging structure comprises a body, a cavity is formed in the body, 
two ends of the cavity penetrates two opposite ends of the body respectively, a battery bearing device for battery placement is arranged in the cavity and made of a heat conductive material, 
a ventilating channel is formed between the outer wall of the battery bearing device and the inner wall of the cavity, fixing pieces are arranged in the ventilating channel, and the battery bearing device is connected to the inner wall of the cavity through the fixing pieces;
water storage bags made of an elastic heat conductive material are arranged in the ventilating channel, and each water storage bag is provided with a water inlet and a water outlet and is connected to the inner wall of the cavity; 
the cooling system comprises an air cooling system connected with the ventilating channel and a water cooling system connected with the water storage bags.
The battery cooling system is simple in structure andreasonable in design and can effectively cool a battery.
The invention discloses a new energy battery pack convenient to assemble and disassemble, which comprises a battery case, wherein the bottom of an inner cavity of the battery case is fixedly connectedwith a negative conductive plate, and the top of the negative conductive plate is fixedly connected with a fixing plate, 
two sides of the fixing plate are fixedly connected with the inner wall of thebattery case, the fixing plate is internally provided with a plurality of through grooves, 
and the inner surface of each through groove is movably connected with new energy battery. The invention relates to the technical field of new energy batteries.
According to the new energy battery pack convenient to assemble and disassemble, the positive conductive plate can be in contact with the battery pack to switch on a circuit by using the clamping between clamping blocks and clamping grooves through the cooperation of the structures,
and a battery cover is tightly clamped through the buckling between a movable column and a round hole groove, so that the battery pack does not need to be disassembled by a special tool during the maintenance in a later stage, thereby not only being simple to operate, convenient to disassemble and high in working efficiency, but also reducing the maintenance and repair cost.
The invention provides a new energy low-energy damage resistant aircraft landing gear component and relates to the technical field of aircraft equipment components. The new energy low-energy damage resistant aircraft landing gear component comprises a load-bearing wheel component; 
an energy absorbing hydraulic component is arranged in the vertical position of the middle part of the load-bearing wheel component; a landing gear cabin door component is arranged on the upper side of an interference plane of horizontal projection planes of the load-bearing wheel component and the energy absorbing hydraulic component; 
and connecting rod force transmission components are connected between the load-bearing wheel component, the energy absorbing hydraulic component and the landing gear cabin door component.
By using electric control equipment, a first main cabin door and a second main cabin door are opened outwards, the load-bearing wheel component and the energy absorbing hydraulic component stored in the landing gear cabin door component send the load-bearing wheel component to the external side of an aircraft body by using the connecting rod force transmission components, 
and low energy impact is absorbed by using an arranged energy absorbing pit and an arranged energy absorbing ring in the sliding process so as to prevent accumulated damage of a landing gear component and reduce non-apparent damage caused by low energy to the landing gear component of the aircraft body.
The utility model discloses a positioning and clamping device for a new energy battery. The second clamping plate comprises an outer frame and an adjusting column, the two ends of the adjusting columnare movably connected with the inner wall of the outer frame, the adjusting column comprises a long column, a sheath, a first spring, a circular truncated cone and a contact block, 
and a second supporting arm is connected to the center of the bottom end of the second clamping plate and comprises a first cylinder, a second cylinder and a second spring; the utility model discloses a new energy battery positioning and clamping device. 
Adjusting column during movement, the contact blocks are matched with the grooves in different positions in sequence; the central axis of the first supporting armcoincides with the central axis of the second supporting arm. The clamping effect on the new energy battery is good, 
when the whole equipment is used, the adjusting column can move to meet different using requirements, adaptability is high, meanwhile, after the new energy battery is clamped, the second supporting arm can play a certain buffering role, 
in this way, the situation that the new energybattery is damaged due to the fact that the moving distance of the adjusting column is too large is avoided, and safety is good.
The invention provides a normally-closed clutch device special for a new energy automobile and belongs to the field of automobile clutches. The device comprises a clutch shell (1), a power input assembly, a power transmission assembly and a power output assembly, 
the power input assembly comprises an input shaft (21) and an input disc (22), the power transmission assembly comprises a friction plate assembly (31), a spline wheel (32), a pressure oil chamber (33), a piston (34) and a spring (35), 
and the power output assembly comprises an output disc (41) and an output shaft (42).
By means of the normally-closed clutch device, when a gearbox of the new energy automobile shifts gears rapidly, pressure oil enters the pressure oil chamber, and the piston moves under the action of oil pressure, so that master friction plates and slave friction plates are separated rapidly, 
after quick gearshift is completed, the pressure oil is released, and the piston resets under the action of restoring force of the spring, so that the master friction plates and the slave friction plates are attached rapidly, and the device restores to the working state.
The invention relates to the field of new energy vehicles, and discloses a new energy vehicle storage battery storage box. The box comprises a box body, four separator plates are fixedly mounted at one side of the internal of the box body, 
the four separator plates are symmetrical with respect to the axis of the box body, the four separator plates are mutually connected, the middle part of every separator plate is fixedly provided with a slide way, a slide block movably sleeves in every slide way, 
and the four separator plates are fixedly connected with a same battery case.
Servo motors drivedriving sprockets to rotate in order to drive cooling fans to rotate, so heat generated in the working process of a storage battery in the storage box is discharged by the heat pipe, 
and the heat generated by the servo motor is discharged through heat guiding tubes, and heat generated in the working process of the servo motors is also discharged through the heat guiding tubes, thereby shortening of the service life of the storage battery, caused by easy damages of a high temperature to the storage battery due to poor heat dissipation effect of existing new energy vehicle storage battery storage boxes, is avoided.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile charging device that safety protection nature is high, including the charging device main part, 
the charging device main part is by setting up filling electric pile and setting up and constitute in this charging device main part one side at the waterproof electric gun of filling of this charging device main part opposite side, fill electric pile's bottom and install unable adjustment base, 
fill perpendicular setting the between electric pile and the unable adjustment base, fill electric pile's bottom and install the dodge gate, 
this kind of new energy automobile charging device that safety protection nature is high, installed and filled electric pile manger plate lid and fill the waterproof box of electric gun, the structure of double barreled protection, be favorable to prolonging new energy automobile charging device that safety protection nature is high's life, 
the waterproof electric gun of filling has been installed, the waterproof electric gun of filling is a sealed and fills electric gun, when new energy automobile charging device that safety protection nature is high charges for new energy automobile, can improve new energy automobile charging device that safety protection nature is high's safety used performance effectively.
The invention discloses a lithium battery and lead-acid battery parallel system for a new energy automobile and a control method. 
The system comprises a comprehensive control circuit, a single-layer voltage acquisition circuit, a current acquisition circuit, an overcurrent and overcharge active protection circuit and a CAN communication circuit, wherein the single-layer voltage acquisition circuit, the current acquisition circuit, the overcurrent and overcharge active protection circuit and the CAN communication circuit are electrically connected to the comprehensive control circuit.
Accordingto the system and the method, a lithium battery and a lead-acid battery of the new energy automobile are used as a whole battery system to carry out parallel control, so that the lithium battery andthe lead-acid battery can be fully mutually complemented and exerted, the discharge rate of an automobile battery system is increased, 
the service life is effectively prolonged, the efficiency is effectively improved, in addition, the whole system is simple in structure, the circuit protection function is good, and the reliability can be guaranteed while the comprehensive running performance of the automobile is greatly improved.
The invention discloses an insulation detection method, a circuit and a new energy automobile. The insulation detection method comprises steps of generating a square wave signal, inputting the square wave signal into a body of a new energy automobile, 
performing voltage dividing on a square wave signal which is inputted into the automobile body and is transmitted to a positive pole of a power battery through an insulation resistor to generate a first voltage dividing signal, 
performing voltage dividing on a square wave signal which is transmitted into the automobile body and is transmitted to the negative pole of the power battery to generate a second voltage dividing signal, 
performing summation and amplification on the first voltage dividing signal and the second voltage signal to generate a first amplification signal, filtering an interference signal of the first amplification signal to generate a filtering signal, 
performing summation and amplification processing on the filtering signal and a preset reference voltage signal which can be automatically regulated to generate a second amplification signal, and receiving the second amplification signal and calculating an insulation resistance value according to the second amplification signal.
The insulation detection method, the circuit and the new energy automobile can accurately detect insulation performance between a power battery and the automobile body, and guarantee the safety of a driver and passengers.
The utility model relates to the technical field of central air conditioners. The utility model discloses a new energy energy-saving central air conditioner. The device comprises a top plate, a working box is fixedly mounted on the front face of the top plate, 
mounting grooves are formed in the positions, located on the left side and the right side of the working box, of the front face of the topplate, fixing rods are inserted into the mounting grooves, and stabilizing rods are fixedly mounted on the positions, located on the top and the bottom of the working box, of the front face of the topplate.
The utility model discloses a new energy energy-saving central air conditioner. Fixing rod, when the central air conditioner is installed. 
The wall surface fixing plate can be mounted at a position for fixing the central air conditioner; after the wall surface fixing plate is mounted, the clamping blocks on the back surfaces of the fixing rods can be clamped in the inserting grooves; and then the fixing blocks are connected to the outer sides of the mounting rods in a clamped mode, the effect of convenient mounting is effectively achieved, 
the problem that when the central air conditioner is mounted, due to the large size of the central air conditioner, it is difficult to directly mount the case is solved, and the safety and efficiency of the central air conditioner mounting process are improved.
The invention relates to the field of wind power generation, in particular to a wind power utilization balcony system. The wind power utilization balcony system comprises wind turbines, wind power generators, transparent plates, small circular rings, 
nylon ropes, plastic beads, fixed pulleys, turning handles, a suspended curtain, a heat radiator and a heat dissipation window.
The wind power utilization balcony system provided by the invention integrates a wind power utilization system and a balcony. 
The transparent plates are made of a polycarbonate material and are used for combination and assistance to enable the balcony of a building to become a good wind power utilization area.
The wind power utilization balcony system can resist invasion of strong wind, guide the state of the air flowgetting into a house and conduct absorption and reutilization on wind power.
Through the wind power utilization balcony system, the wind power utilization efficiency of a multi-building area with abundant wind power resources is improved, and a solid foundation is laid for construction of a wind power building.
Meanwhile, a new direction is found out for innovative development of the wind power generation field.
The invention relates to a method for supplying energy to at least one component (56-72) of a wind energy plant (100).
When the wind energy plant (100) is in operation, the energy is taken from the energy generated by the generator (10) of the wind energy plant (100) and supplied to the components (56-72) of the wind energy plant (100).
The invention further relates to an energy supply device (22) for carrying out the method and to a wind energy plant (100) having an energy supply device (22).
The invention relates to a wind energy varying voltage generator comprising a first winding, a second winding, a third winding, a fourth winding, a fifth winding, a sixth winding, a seventh winding, an eighth winding and a ninth winding, wherein the first winding, the second winding and the third winding of a motor are in the same phase; the fourth winding and the fifth winding are connected in series with the first winding; 
the second winding and the third winding are connected in the same way; 
the serial-to-parallel conversion between the fourth winding and the fifth winding, the sixth winding and the seventh winding and the eighth winding and the ninth winding are performed through the connection of the fourth winding, the sixth winding and the eighth winding with a control circuit. 
The wind energy varying voltage generator has the advantages that the wind energy utilization range is extended, and electricity generation and electrification can be also normally performed at higher wind speed and higher rotating speed.
The utility model discloses a drilling device for an end cover of a wind-driven generator. Platform and boss, the platform and the boss are concentric; plane arranged on two sides of platform, six accommodating grooves are uniformly formed in the platform; 
the three containing grooves which are spaced by 120 degrees are each provided with a circular truncated cone. Circular clamping holes are formed in the other three accommodating grooves; a positioning pin is arranged in the clamping hole; a first drill hole is formed in the center of each circular truncated cone; 
eight second drill holes and two third drill holes are uniformly formed in the periphery of the platform; a central hole is formed in the middle of the boss; four fourth drill holes, four fifth drill holes and a sixth drill hole are formed in the boss in the circumferential direction of the center hole; 
the end cover can be fit and matched with the existing end cover; the position, needing to be drilled, of the end cover is arranged on the end cover in advance, when the device is used, the device is directly placed on the end cover and clamped through the positioning pin, 
drilling is conducted according to the drilling position on the device, and therefore various errors caused by manual operation can be avoided, the whole process is faster, and meanwhile the defective rate is greatly reduced.
The utility model provides a turbine formula vertical scroll electromagnetism wind energy collector, includes wind energy collector unit, electromagnetism electrical cell, the stack was fixed in proper order about both connected through second grade gear speed up mechanism sets up.
The utility model provides a pair of turbine formula vertical scroll electromagnetism wind energy collector comparesin horizontal axis wind energy collector, and whole volume is littleer, and wind energy utilization is rateed highlyer.
And simultaneously, the utility model discloses a second grade gear speed up mechanism has been introduced to novel wind energy collector wind cavity configuration under the prerequisite of as far as possible simplifying collector transmission system for higher power output can be gained to the wind energy collector under the same wind speed.
The invention relates to a wind turbine comprising at least one rotor blade (108), a blade heating system (400) for heating at least one section of the at least one rotor blade (108),
at least one temperature sensor (510) for detecting the external temperature in the region of the wind turbine (100) or in the surrounding area, 
at least one atmospheric humidity sensor (520) for detecting the atmospheric humidity in the region of the wind turbine (100) or in the surrounding area 
and a control unit (300) for activating the blade heating system (400) if a temperature limit value has not been reached and if an atmospheric humidity limit value has been exceeded, the temperature limit value being +5 DEG C and the atmospheric humidity limit value being 70 %.
Have spring unit to be connected between fan blade pivot and the lever, this wind energy utilization device passes through wind energy output shaft direct output forward and the reverse gyroscopic moment that constantly switches.
The wind energy utilization device, the fan blade passes through the lever can produce great torque to can place in any smooth flat general work.
It is small -size light, can adapt to broad wind speed scope, but both independent utilities, do and solar energy collection, collecting electrode jointly use.
The invention provides a wind-energy oxygen supply type countryside life sewage processing device. The device is characterized in that a contacting oxidation pond comprises a pond body, 
a padding layer is arranged in the pond body, and a micro-hole aerator is arranged below the padding layer and is connected with a wind-energy oxygen supply machine through an air pipeline.
According to the device, wind-energy oxygen supply technology and sewage biology membrane method processing technology are utilized, wind-energy oxygen supply type countryside sewage processing technology is developed, 
a corresponding device is constructed and is used for countryside life sewage processing, and therefore the improvement of the countryside ecology environment is provided with economic and effective technology support.
The device gives full play to no energy consumption characteristic of the wind-energy oxygen supply technology and easy management of the biology membrane method processing technology, realizes organic integration of the energy saving and consumption reducing technology and pollution emission reduction technology, 
the device has the advantages of being free of power consumption, high in processing efficiency, convenient to manage, simple in operation, small in occupied area, and the like, and meeting requirements of countryside life for processing sewage.
The invention relates to a wind turbine (100), having a tower (102), a nacelle (104), 
at least one smoke detector (310, 320) in the region of the tower (102) and/or in the region of the nacelle (104),
at least one fan (210, 220), which is arranged in the tower (102) and/or in the nacelle (104), 
and a control unit (400), which control unit senses fire or the development of smoke in the wind turbine(100) by means of the smoke detector (320, 310) and activates the fans (210, 220) located in the tower (102) and/or in the nacelle (104) in order to suction the arising smoke.
The invention provides a wind energy hybrid vehicle and a walk replacing device and mainly relates to the technical field of energy-saving and environment-friendly hybrid drive.
The wind energy hybrid vehicle comprises a vehicle body and a driving component; the driving component comprises an induced draft fan; the induced draft fan is mounted on the vehicle body; a ventilating duct is arranged in the vehicle body; the vehicle body is provided with an air inlet and an exhaust outlet; 
the ventilating duct is respectively in communication with the air inlet and the exhaust outlet; the induced draft fan is arranged in the ventilating duct; and the induced draft fan is used for inducing air to the exhaust outlet from the air inlet and discharging the air out of the vehicle body so as to drive the vehicle body to move in a direction reverse to an air exhaust direction.
According to the wind energy hybrid vehicle and a walk replacing device, as the vehicle can be driven to run by using renewable wind energy, the energy is saved and the wind energy hybrid vehicle is very environment-friendly.
The invention provides the walk replacing device, which can realize development and utilization of the renewable wind energy and can also save energy and protect the environment.
The utility model discloses a domestic outer wall wind energy panel, including panel housing, wind energy board and control panel housing, panel housing's the inside second of having seted up of opposite side rotates the groove, 
the top fixedly connected with drive gear of second axis of rotation, the motor is installed to the bottom in transmission chamber, the top of motor is rotated and is connected with the final drive wheel, 
the controller is installed to the top of motor and the position that is located transmission intracavity portion, drive gear sets up the inside in the transmission chamber, final drive wheel and drive gear go up to rotate and are connected with the drive belt.
Whether this domestic outer wall wind energy panel is rational in infrastructure, through rotatable windenergy board cooperation wind energy sensor, can effectual response is outdoor ventilate to independently expanding the wind energy board when reaching the air -conditioning requirement, to indoor conveying chamber exogenous wind, having played intelligent response wind energy 
and the full effect that independently expandes, the use that provides an unprecedented for the wall decoration is experienced.
The utility model provides an umbellate form wind energy conversion system, including hawser, the lift guide body, power generation facility and at least a set of umbrella ladder, wherein, the umbrella ladder is including switch umbrella and the adjustable umbrella of opening, 
the front face area that changes the umbrella body is opened and closed to the switch umbrella through the umbrella body, the adjustable umbrella of opening changes the front face area of the umbrella body through the opening size who adjusts the umbrella body, 
wherein, the switch umbrella uses as the acting umbrella, the adjustable umbrella of opening both can regard as the acting umbrella to use, can regard as balanced umbrella to use again.
The utility model discloses the control system of this system is still provided.
The utility model provides but according to actual need adjusts the quantity of acting umbrella in the umbrella ladder and the proportional distribution of acting umbrella and balanced umbrella very in a flexible way, can adapt to different electricity generation areas, different actual electricity generation demands of wind -force conditional sum better.
The invention relates to a system and a method for saving energy and shaving the peak by coordinating a cogeneration set and a wind energy generator set. The system comprises the cogeneration set, the wind energy generator set, a conditioner heat pump, an electric energy meter, a radiator, a heat consumption gauge, and a scheduling control device, 
wherein the scheduling control device is used for acquiring fuel consumption, generated output and heating output of the cogeneration set,
generated output of the wind energy generator set, electric power consumption of heating of the conditioner heat pump, a scheduling control signal of the heating load of the radiator in the electric load trough period according to detected electivity consumption data and heating and heat consumption data, and controlling the cogeneration set, the wind energy generator set, the conditioner heat pump, and the radiator to run according to the scheduling control signal.
Through the system and the method, the distribution of the generated output of each of the cogeneration set and the wind energy generator set is optimized so as to reduce the total energy consumption, save energy and solve the problems of the forced shutdown and the waste of abandoning electricity of the wind energy generator set in the electric load trough period of the power grid.
A wind turbine rotary connection (200) for two wind turbine parts (102, 110; 103, 105; 106, 114; 108, 106) which are rotatable relative to one another about an axis of rotation (R), said rotary connection (200) comprising a combined axial-radial bearing (1, 21; 1a, 1b) that includes an axial bearing component (5, 25) and a separate radial bearing component (7, 27).
In particular, according to theinvention, the axial bearing component (5, 25) is in the form of a sliding bearing component having a first, convex bearing surface (9, 29) and a corresponding second, concave bearing surface (11, 31).
The utility model discloses a complemental LED street lamp of solar and wind energy, including wind power generation device, solar power system, lamp pole and LED lamp, the bottom of lamp pole is fixed subaerial, 
the inside of lamp pole is equipped with wireless transceiver, battery and control circuit board, battery and control circuit board electricity are connected, wireless transceiver is connected with the control circuit board electricity, 
wind power generation device establishes the top at the lamp pole, solar power system and LED street lamp are located the top of lamp pole both sidesrespectively, 
wind power generation device, solar power system and LED lamp all are connected with the control circuit board electricity, 
through increasing the rotation axis, the flabellum can be along with the orientation adjustment of wind, through increasing a time -recorder and an electric telescopic handle, realize solar cell panel can the automatic adjustment facing to sunshine, 
through increasing by the 2nd electric telescopic handle, realized the adjustment to LED side direction irradiation range, simultaneously can also the mosquito repellent worm, avoid the mosquito to influence illumination.
The invention provides a wind power freezing storehouse which consists of a fan blade, a freezing storehouse box body, a refrigeration unit and a planetary transmission; wherein, the freezing storehouse box body is made of insulated thermal insulating material and is provided with a plurality of water tank barriers; 
the fan blade is positioned on the top of the freezing storehouse and connected with a compressor of the refrigeration unit by the planetary transmission; the wind power of the fan blade can be used for driving the compressor to refrigerate the freezing storehouse, the water in water tanks of the freezing storehouse is gradually transformed into ice under the action of the refrigeration unit, 
and ice accumulation can be carried out under the action of a thermal insulating layer for use when being lack of wind power. The invention has the remarkable advantages that as the wind power is utilized to provide the fan blade with kinetic energy to drive the compressor for refrigerating the freezing storehouse, 
and the insulated thermal insulating material is used for heat preservation, electric power expenses can be reduced, and the loss of the freezing storehouse is lowered.
The invention relates to a wind turbine steel tower ring segment, a wind turbine tower section, a wind turbine tower, a wind turbine, and a method for producing a wind turbine tower section.
The invention particularly relates to a wind turbine steel tower ring segment for a wind turbine tower, comprising a casing segment extending in the direction of a segment height, a segment ring direction anda segment thickness with a first horizontal abutment side and a second horizontal abutment side, 
a first vertical abutment side and a second vertical abutment side, a first vertical flange being arranged on the first vertical abutment side and a second vertical flange being arranged on the second vertical abutment side, 
the first vertical flange and/or the second vertical flange forming an angle with a casing segment, 
at least one connection element being embodied on the first vertical flange and/or the second vertical flange for the arrangement of functional elements, the connection element protruding from the first vertical flange and/or the second vertical flange.
The invention relates to a method for controlling a wind turbine (100), comprising the following steps: sensing precipitation in the region of the wind turbine (100) by means of a precipitation sensor(300), 
and controlling the wind turbine on the basis of a first pitch angle characteristic curve, in the case of which the pitch angle is set in accordance with the power, in a first operating mode and on the basis of a second pitch angle characteristic curve in a second operating mode, 
wherein the first operating mode is selected if there is no precipitation and the second operating mode is selected if there is precipitation.
The invention provides a vehicle-mounted wind power generator. The vehicle-mounted wind-driven generator comprises a frame, a wind power generation device, a solar power generation device and an electricity storage device, wherein the wind power generation device is arranged at the front end of the frame through two fixing shafts and used for performing wind power generation; 
the solar power generation device is fixedly arranged on the frame and is arranged at the front end of a vehicle to be used for performing solar power generation; 
the electricity storage device which is fixedly arranged on the frame is electrically connected to the wind power generation device and the solar power generation device separately to be used for storing electric energy; 
the wind power generation device comprises an impeller, a wheel axle one end of which is fixed on the top of the impeller, a fixing seat arranged at the lower end of the impeller, and a generator arranged in the fixing seat and electrically connected to the electricity storage device; 
an output shaft of the generator is fixedly connected to the other end of the wheel axle, and two ends of the fixing seat are separately fixed on the frame through the two fixing shafts.
The vehicle-mounted wind power generator provided by the invention achieves an effect of generating electricity and storing electric energy in a state of vehicle operation or breeze.
The invention discloses a wind-powered air purifying method which comprises the following specific steps of: converting mechanical energy of natural wind into direct current through a wind power generating device; 
performing positive and negative voltage regulation on direct current, and outputting stable voltage after rectifying through a wide voltage input circuit; 
charging a storage battery, and providing stable voltage to a double-limit voltage comparing circuit and an electrostatic high-voltage generating circuit; 
combining the storage battery with the double-limit voltage comparing circuit to supply power to a high-voltage generating circuit which provides continuous high voltage to an electrostatic generating device, wherein the electrostatic generating device is used for adsorbing dust and haze in air through static electricity.
A wind-powered air purifier comprises a housing, a wind energy generator, a circuit control device, the electrostatic generating device and a dust receiving box.
The wind-powered air purifying method and the wind-powered air purifier can be used for purifying indoor and outdoor air, so that generation of hazes is reduced.
The invention provides a wind turbine and a method for operating a wind turbine. The wind turbine comprises a rotor (106) with at least two rotor blades (108), 
an electric generator, which is directly or indirectly coupled to the rotor (106) of the wind turbine and generates electric power when the rotor (106) rotates, and a control unit (120) for controlling operation of the wind turbine.
The control unit (120) activates a first error operation mode, if parameters of a supply network rise above or fall below a limit value.
In the first error operation mode, the control unit (120) is designed to reduce the speed of the rotor (106) to zero and to activate a consumer (400) 
in order that the consumer (400) consume the electric power generated by the electric generator in the error operation mode.
The invention discloses a wind power collecting device, comprising a tower, a wind wheel chamber connected to the tower and a main wind wheel arranged in the wind wheel chamber, wherein the wind wheel chamber is provided with a wind inlet, 
the interior of the tower and the interior of the wind wheel chamber are communicated through a wind inlet passage, and the side surface of the tower is provided with a wind entry hole which is communicated with the wind inlet passage, 
in such a way, air flow can enter the wind wheel chamber from the wind inlet at the upper part of the wind power collecting device and the wind entry hole at the lower part of the wind power collecting device simultaneously, so that more air flow enters into the wind wheel chamber, and the pushing force of the air flow is increased, 
therefore smaller wind power can also push the main wind wheel arranged in the wind wheel chamber to rotate so as to start the wind power collecting device, so that collecting for wind power is realized, and the wind power collecting capability is improved.
The invention relates to a rotor blade for a wind turbine, to a wind turbine with a tower, a nacelle and a rotor and also to a wind farm.
The rotor blade (108) comprises an inner blade portion (2), which extends in the longitudinal direction of the rotor blade (108) from a rotor blade root (1), 
and a trailing edge segment (112, 112'), arranged on the inner blade portion (2) for increasing the profile depth of the rotor blade along a portion in the longitudinal direction of the rotor blade.
The rotor blade (108) has a pressure-side surface (4) and a suction-side surface (6), which are each formed in certain regions by parts of the inner blade portion (2) and of the trailing edge segment (112, 112').
On the pressure-side and/or suction-side surface (4, 6) of the rotor blade (108) there is atleast one slit-like air inlet and/or air outlet (24, 24', 26, 26') formed in the region of the trailing edge segment (112, 112'), extending substantially in the longitudinal direction of the rotor blade.
The rotor blade (108) achieves more efficient boundary-layer control.
The utility model discloses a matched air-conditioner energy conservation system using wind energy to refrigerate, which comprises a tower (1), an impeller (2), a wind-energy compressor (3), a high-pressure air accumulation bottle (5), a condenser (7), a filter (8), 
an expansion tube (9) and an evaporator (10), wherein the impeller (2) is arranged at the top end of the tower (1); the wind-energy compressor (3) is in hub connection with the impeller; 
the outlet of the wind-energy compressor is connected with the inlet of the high-pressure air accumulation bottle (5) through an air supply pipeline (4); the outlet of the high-pressure air accumulation bottle (5) is connected with the condenser (7) through a high pressure pipeline (6); 
the condenser (7) is connected in series with the filter (8), the expansion tube (9) and the evaporator (10); and the evaporator (10) is connected with the wind-energy compressor through a return pipeline (12).
The utility model has the characteristics of simple structure, cleanness, environment-protection and energy conservation, utilizes clean, green and renewable energy to be the power energy to reduce the electrical energy consumption and save the expense of users. The utility model is a novel energy-saving refrigeration system.
The invention discloses a wind energy and wave energy integrated generating set. The wind energy and wave energy integrated generating set comprises a wind energy generating device, a wave energy generating device and a support frame. The wind energy generating device comprises a wind page, a rotation shaft, a controller, an inverter and a storage battery. 
The storage battery is installed at the bottom of the wind energy generating device, and the upper side of the storage battery is provided with the inverter. The upper side of the inverter is provided with the controller. The left side of the controller is provided with the rotation shaft.
The left side of the rotation shaft is connected with the wind page through an insetting mode. The support frame comprises an upper platform, a concrete frame and a base. The concrete frame is installed between the upper platform and the base. 
The upper platform is connected with the upper side of the concrete frame through a welding mode. The baseis installed at the lower side of the concrete frame through a riveting mode.
The wind energy and wave energy integrated generating set is capable of generating by using a mode of integrating the wind energy and the wave energy, adequately using the resources of the sea wind and the sea wave, providing an available energy to human, and reducing the carbon emission.
The invention relates to the technical field of wind power utilization, in particular to a wind and electricity compensatory wind energy comprehensively-utilizing system.
The wind and electricity compensatory wind energy comprehensively-utilizing system comprises a wind power mechanical energy converting device, an electric driving device, a double-power synthesizing device, a power loading device and a controlling system. 
The wind and electricity compensatory wind energy comprehensively-utilizing system is characterized in that the double-power synthesizing device comprises a first input shaft, a second input shaft and a power output shaft.
The wind power mechanical energy converting device comprises a wind turbine and a wind power output shaft, and the wind power output shaft is connected with the first input shaft. 
The electric driving device comprises a motor connected with the second input shaft. The invention further discloses a control method.
The wind and electricity compensatory wind energy comprehensively-utilizing system has the advantages that the wind energy and the electric energy can be synthesized in an overlapping mode, the application limitation caused by randomness and uncertainty of the wind energy can be effectively broken through, 
and when the wind energy exceeds the demand of the power loading device, the controlling system can convert the surplus wind energy into the electric energy and feed the electric energy back to a power grid, and the wind energy is efficiently utilized.
Disclosed is a generating method which utilizes complementation of natural wind power and solar energy thermal current wind power.
Natural wind generating mainly comprises mounting a hollow blade on the top portion of a barrel-shaped tower, and the tip of the blade is provided with an opening.
When the blade is rotated, according to the aerodynamic principles, low pressure is generated at the opening to bleed air which is in the blade and filled into the inner portion of the tower, the bottom end of a solar energy heat collecting device below the tower is equipped with an air inlet, a
ir can constantly flow up from the bottom portion, and thereby driving a turbine generator to generate power.
The bottom end of the tower is equipped with the solar energy heat collecting device, an opening at the top of the solar energy heat collecting device is in matching connection with an opening at the lower end of the tower, and the bottom of the solar energy heat collecting device is fixed on a base or a support.
The solar energy heat collecting device transforms solar energy into heat energy to heat air inside a taper tower at the bottom portion of the tower, 
because of the wind draft effect of the barrel-shaped tower and the hollow blade, the heater the air inside the taper tower is, the higher the tower is, and the larger the speed of the thermal current in the inner chamber of the tower is.
Wind power generated by the thermal current drives the turbine generator located in the tow to generate power.
The utility model provides a wind power generation machine shell tip drilling equipment, the package rubbing board body, the middle part of plate body is equipped with two first semicircles of semicircular opening and second semicircle, 
and first semicircle and second semicircle are concentric and there is not the part of overlapping each other, and the side of plate body is equipped with the arch, is equipped with the pinhole in the arch, is equipped with the pin in the pinhole, is equipped with a plurality of drillings that run through on the plate body.
A wind power generation machine shelltip drilling equipment, utilize two semicircles in concentric different footpaths to fix a position, radius round in these two semicircle radiuses and two sections is the same, 
so it can assemble a higher authority with two sets of drilling equipment, has reduced drilling equipment's quantity promptly, also makes a round trip to change the outfit without the staff and puts, when having reduced intensity of labour, has also improved assembly efficiency.
The utility model discloses a wind energy electricity device, including generator, gear acceleration rate case, slow -speed shaft and blade, wherein, the blade passes through the slow -speed shaft to be connected with gear acceleration rate case, and gear acceleration rate case passes through the fast axis and is connected with the generator.
The utility model provides a wind energy electricity device and aerostatics utilize that stratospheric wind speed is great, the characteristics of wind field direction and rate stabilization, has designed and has used aerogenerator as the scheme of aerostatics power supply, but day night work, generated power is big, and the while reduced the windage for the load cabin.
The invention relates to a method for controlling a power consumption of a group of a plurality of wind turbines (100), in particular of a wind park.
The wind turbines (100) are prepared for feeding electrical energy into an electrical supply network (120). In a recurring cycle, the wind turbines (100) are each offered an energy supply for consumption, in a predetermined order successively and subject to a total park energy supply available to the wind turbine (100) for consumption. 
The respective wind turbine (100) reserves the offered energy supply, or a smaller one, 
and subsequent wind turbines (100) in the cycle are offered for energy consumption the park energy supply reduced by the already reserved energy supplies.
The utility model discloses a wind energy axial-flow fan, which is particularly suitable for a wind discharging (or a wind sending) device of a ventilating wind discharging tower of the tunnel environment of a public road, a rail road, etc.
The wind energy axial-flow fan needs to solve technique problem that a device which can carry out the ventilation for the tunnel by natural wind in outdoor environment is provided. 
The adopted technique proposal is that a wind energy axial-flow fan of a ventilating tower is provided with a wind power machine outside the ventilating tower of the tunnel, the wind power machine is connected with the axial-flow fan, and the axial-flow fan is installed in the ventilating tower by a device bracket.
A ventilating device which adopts the wind energy axial-flow fan uses the wind power machine to change the natural wind energy in the outdoor environment into the axial mechanical motion, without other type of energy transformation, 
and directly drives the axial-flow fan arranged on the top part of the ventilating tower, and gives auxiliary supplement to the existing mechanical ventilation of the tunnel which depends on the electrical power to drive the fan.
The wind energy axial-flow fan fully uses renewable energy sources, saves the electrical energy required by the ventilation of the tunnel, and effectively reduces the operation cost of the tunnel.
A rotor blade (10) for a wind turbine includes a casing structure made of flat fiber composite material (12-1, 12-2)that forms the rotor blade surface (20).
The invention relates to a wind energy plant comprising a rotor having a rotor hub which is mounted on a gondola and a plurality of rotor blades which can be respectively adjusted by means of an electric drive device.
An electric generator is connected to the rotor.
A rotary transmitter is arranged concentric to the rotor bearing, which is provided to supply energy to a plurality of electric consumers arranged in a rotor hub.
A primary part of the rotary transmitter is connected to the gondola.
A secondary part of the rotary transmitter is arranged in the rotor hub and can be rotated therewith.
The wind energy plant also comprises a first frequency converter used to generate a high-frequency excitation voltage from a low frequency supply voltage which is connected between the primary part and a supply voltage source.; 
The invention also relates to a second frequency converter used to generate a low frequency consumer voltage from a high frequency transformed excitation voltage which is connected between the secondary part and the electric consumers in the rotor hub.
The invention provides a quantitative evaluation method for a wind energy space-time distribution difference of a wind farm group. 
The quantitative evaluation method for the wind energy space-time distribution difference of the wind farm group comprises a step of quantitatively describing a ratio of a wind generating electricity corresponding to the wind energy space-time distribution difference to a gross generation, by calculating a share of a total generate electricity difference of the wind farm group corresponding to the wind energy space-time distribution difference in the gross generation. 
The wind energy space-time distribution difference of the wind farm group is reflected in a macroscopic view of energy; the wind energy space-time distribution difference of the wind farm group is greater, the wind power convergence effect is more significant.
The quantitative evaluation method for the wind energy space-time distribution difference of the wind farm group is characterized by being scientific and reasonable, being able to analyze quantitatively, being high in practical value, and the like.
The utility model discloses a wind-driven generating boosting electric vehicle which comprises an electric vehicle chassis (1), a storage battery (9), a motor (6) and a rotating shaft (4), 
wherein at least one wind-driven rotating device (7) is arranged on the electric vehicle chassis (1); the wind-driven rotating device (7) is in transmission connection with a generator (2); and the generator (2) is electrically connected with the storage battery.
The wind-driven generating boosting electric vehicle is the wind-driven generating boosting electric vehicle capable of converting the wind energy into electricity, and has simplicity inn structure, convenience in manufacture, and reliability in performance.
The utility model discloses a new energy comprehensive utilization device that is wind energy conversion hydrogen, it turns into the electric energy with the wind energy to set up an aerogenerator, 
the electric energy turn -on connection of conversion puts in order flow box to the pressure regulating and carries out the regulation of voltage and be the direct current with its rectification, then electrolytic hydrogen gas device of electric connection is saved the energy conversion that the direct current contains for hydrogen and oxygen, 
the stable relatively poor of the wind energy among theprior art has been solved, the electricity generation be incorporated into the power networks the difficulty the problem, the electrical energy conversion who sends aerogenerator regards as energy storage for hydrogen, obtain the stable new energy utilization device of output, 
thereby realized lasting the wind energy, it is high -efficient, the utilization of environmental protection, the very high value of environmental protection and economic benefits have.
The wind energy advertising screen comprises a shell and a display screen, the display screen is located on the shell, a wind energy converter is arranged in the shell, an air inlet and an air outletwhich are matched with the wind energy converter are formed in the shell, 
the air inlet and the air outlet are located in the two sides of the wind energy converter, and the air inlet and the air outlet are communicated. The wind energy converter is connected with the display screen through a wire. 
Compared with the prior art, the blades drive the rotating shaft to rotate so as to drive the copperwire to cut the magnetic induction lines to generate current, and wind energy is converted into electric energy through the wind energy converter, 
so that the advertising screen can fully utilize theaction of the wind energy during use, and is green and environment-friendly.
The invention relates to a wind-driven blade, in particular to a wind-driven accelerating wing with wind catching blades overlapped and capable of extending kinetic moment.
The wind-driven accelerating wing comprises an arc-shaped vertical wall, a tightening hole, a basic wing, positioning holes, a flat wing and an extending ring. 
According to principles of natural wind energy, fluid power, resistance of flowing around objects an the like, the defects of low wind energy utilization efficiency, short moment, large structure, incapability of utilizing natural wind power and the like of conventional wind-driven blades are overcome, 
and the wind-driven accelerating wing which is long in kinetic moment, high in reliability, small in resistance and free of wind power grid prohibition is formed, has the advantages of simplicity in implementation and easiness in manufacturing, is attractive and elegant in structure, firm, durable and convenient to use, and has broad market space and high economic added value.
The invention relates to a method for operating a wind turbine (10) in emergency mode.
A change in wind direction (26) and/or a force exerted on the wind turbine (10) is detected and at least one of the rotor blades (18) is adjusted depending on the change whilst maintaining the azimuth angle of the azimuth setting.
The invention also relates to a controller for a wind turbine (10), and to a wind turbine.
The invention relates to a lifting device (1000) for lifting components of a wind turbine (100).
The lifting device has at least a first and a second fastening unit (1110, 1120) in each case for fastening a component (1500, 1502) of a wind turbine (100) 
and a first arm (1200) having a plurality of bores (1001-1008).
The bores (1001-1008) have different angles relative to the first and second fastening unit (1110, 1120).
The invention discloses a self-adjustment method and a self-adjustment device for illuminating a road by using solar energy and wind energy. In the device, a solar battery and a wind energy generating device are arranged on the top of a street lamp post; 
electric energy generated by the solar battery and the wind energy generating device is electrically connected with a storage battery through unidirectional conductive elements of the solar battery and the wind energy generating device respectively; and the storage battery is electrically connected with a direct current street lamp through an optical control switch.
The invention has the advantages that: electric energy acquired by converting pollution-free solar energy and wind energy can be used for illuminating road traffic without the investment in electrical distribution equipment such as a transformer and the like and the laying of an underground cable or an aerial wire and is free from limitation of electric network sources such as an electric network and the like for remote power supply,
so that the illumination of the street lamp is supplied with power self-sufficiently, and the method and the device are energy-saving and pollution-free.
The invention discloses a coastal arranged water pumping equipment utilizing wind energy. The coastal arranged water pumping equipment comprises a sea bottom foundation, 
more than two vertical supporting columns, a fixed cylinder assembly, an upper telescopic cylinder assembly and a lower telescopic cylinder assembly. The lower ends of more than two vertical supporting columns are fixedly connected with the sea bottom foundation. The upper telescopic cylinder assembly transports sea water to the sea water plane during falling tide and a compressed gas control portion is arranged on the upper part of a platform. 
A plurality of stand columns are arranged on the coastal land and a wind energy compressed gas preparation unit is arranged at the top end of each stand column. The lower telescopiccylinder assembly includes a lower telescopic cylinder body and a water-gas separation type submersible box body which moves up and down along the vertical supporting columns. 
When the lower telescopic cylinder assembly rises, the sea water is transported to the sea water plane through the fixed cylinder assembly.
According to the coastal arranged water pumping equipment utilizing wind energy, the efficiency of transporting the sea water to the sea water plane can be improved, and the transportation and installation costs are reduced. The wind energy prepared compressed gas device is arrangedin the coastal land without power.
The invention relates to a shaft for use in a wind energy system and a wind energy system.
The shaft for use in the wind energy system (100) is provided, with the shaft having a hollow shaft body (160);
a cable fixation being connected to the hollow shaft body (160) and extending axially in the hollow shaft body (160), the cable fixation being adapted for fixing a cable bundle (261); 
and a tensioner being adapted for tensioning the cable fixation in an axial direction of the hollow shaft body (160).
The invention relates to a wind energy installation, wherein lines, which are flown through by a cooling medium, are guided from the interior of the wind energy installation through the tower wall orthe foundation to the outside, 
wherein the cooling lines in heat exchangers are bearing against the tower on the outside or are arranged there and are disposed between the tower wall and a cover of the wall of the cooling system.
The utility model provides a multidirectional wind power generation device with atmospheric pressure regulatory function, including wind energy foundation structure and wind power generation device, wind energy foundation structure with wind power generation device links to each other,
structure support pole upper end with the swivelling joint pole links to each other, rotatory steel ball setting is in on the swivelling joint pole, swivel bearing passes through rotatory steel ball with the swivelling joint pole links to each other, 
the wind direction beacon with swivel bearing links to each other, wind energy foundation structure passes through the wind direction beacon with wind power generation device links to each other.
The beneficial effects of the utility model are that make power generation facility can be with the wind to redirecting, the flexibility that has effectively improved power generation facility, 
this power generation facility effectively carries high wind speed through the wind pressure system in addition for this power generation facility can be at normal use under the less condition of wind speed.
The invention belongs to the technical field of wind power generation, and relates to a vertical axis type wind energy machine with a stable alternating current frequency, wherein output power of the wind energy machine can be controlled according to the requirements of power grid load.
The vertical axis type wind energy machine is characterized in that wind energy machine blades are mounted on a three-dimensional structure which is rigidly connected with an annular floating body;
the wind energy machine blades are of a double-faced lift force type; the lift force type blades are in the shape of an aircraft wing, the front edges of the blades normally are windward, and the rear edges of the blades normally are downwind;
according to the condition of instant wind power of the position where the wind energy machine blades are located, the wind power angle of attack and the blade force lift direction of the wind energy machine blades can be controlled by a special device through a computer according to needs, so that the wind energy machine rotates at a relatively-stable angular speed, 
and output power of the wind energy machine is controlled within the maximum output power according to the requirements of power grid load; 
all blades of the wind energy machine only negatively act at one or two positions where the wind direction is consistent with an annular tangent line, and the blades can positively act or negative act on the wind energy machine at any other positions according to needs; 
wind energy machine braking can be achieved by controlling changing of the wind power angle of attack and the force lift direction of the blades through the computer.
The invention relates to a wind power generator system, a wind energy data error correction method and a yaw control method. Firstly, orthogonal decomposition is carried out on initial wind speed vector detected by wind energy data detection equipment, 
the initial wind speed vector is divided into an initial wind speed axial vector and an initial wind speed tangential vector, and then the tangential speed vector of the wake flow at the wind energy data detection equipment is calculated according to parameters such as tangential induction factors of the wake flow of a draught fan; 
and then thecorrected wind speed tangential vector is calculated according to the initial wind speed tangential vector and the wake flow tangential speed vector, finally, the corrected wind speed tangential vector and the initial wind speed axial vector are combined to obtain the corrected wind speed vector.
The corrected wind speed tangential vector has removed a draught fan wake flow factor, so that after the corrected wind speed tangential vector and the initial wind speed axial vector are combined, 
the combined wind speed and wind direction are basically consistent with the actual wind speed and winddirection in front of the draught fan, deviation between the detected wind energy data and real wind energy data is eliminated, the authenticity of the data is guaranteed, and follow-up yaw control isfacilitated.
The utility model provides a rotatory terminal of artificial fog of wind energy propelling movement formula high -pressure spray cooling.
360 horizontal rotation cloud platform and vertical angle adjusting device's one end is fixed on the fixed bolster, and shell 3 is fixed on 360 horizontal rotation cloud platforms and vertical angle adjusting device's the other end, 
the front end is decorated to cover and is fixed the front end at the shell, and the tail end is decorated the cover and is fixed in the rear end of shell, and the interior rear portion of shell is close to tail end decoration cover and installs axial wind energy fan, 
and the front portion in the shell is decorated to cover near the front end and is installed high -pressure jet spray shower nozzle equipment assembly, is equipped with toper wind energy water conservancy diversion dryer in the shell between axial wind energy fan and the high -pressure jet spray shower nozzle equipment assembly, is equipped with toper wing section wind energy guiding gutter in the toper wind energy water conservancy diversion dryer.
The utility model discloses can realize between 0~360 horizontal rotation and 0~60 perpendicular angular separation's adjustment.
Can realize sending the artificial fog of high -pressure spray to the within range of 6~8 meters radiuses, realizable cooling range has reached 5 DEG C ~15 DEG C.
The utility model relates to a solar energy, complementary communication base station tower of wind energy, including tower pole, basic station load, control box, solar module, solar control ware, wind power generation machine, 
wind energy controller, battery, dc -to -ac converter, basic station load, solar module links to each other with solar control, and the wind power generation machine links to each other with the wind energy controller, and solar control ware, wind energy controller all link to each other with the battery, 
and battery, dc -to -ac converter, basic station load connect gradually, be solar energy transformation the electric energy and store in the battery through solar module and solar control ware, it stores in the battery to turn into the electric energy through wind power generation machine and wind energy controller with the wind energy, 
the rethread dc -to -ac converter in with the battery electrical energy conversion be the alternating current and supply power to the basic station load, be applicable to the remote mountain area that falls behind with electric power facility, utilize clean contamination free solar energy and wind energy to supply power for the basic station tower, 
the electric energy is practiced thrift in mountain area for electric power lacks, and save the trouble of granny rag electric wire netting on the mountain.
The utility model discloses a vertical shaft wind-energy generator which utilizes wind in nature. The vertical shaft wind-energy generator is characterized in that monolayer or multilayer superposed louvre blade type wind-resistant blades (2), a louvre blade shaft (6) and two layers or more than two layers of integrated louvre blade supports (1) are arranged on a wind-energy generator shaft (3), 
and a wind-resistant bend (7) is arranged on the wind-energy generator shaft (3) through a bearing (4) and a bearing seat (5). The wind-energy generator shaft (3) is connected with a shaft of a transmission (8) directly or indirectly, 
the shaft of the transmission (8) is connected with a shaft of the generator (9) directly or indirectly, the integrated louvre blade supports (1) are installed on the wind-energy generator shaft (3), 
the louvre blade type wind-resistant blades (2) are arranged on the louvre blade shaft (6), and a limit device is installed on the integrated louvre blade supports (1) or the louvre blade type wind-resistant blades (2).
By utilizing the vertical shaft wind-energy generator which is simple in structure and convenient to process and manufacture, starting in low wind-pressure can be achieved, energy loss of the wind-energy generator in the process of operation is reduced, 
utilization efficiency of wind-energy is improved, and therefore the vertical shaft wind-energy generator is environment-friendly and efficient, and utilizes natural resources.
The invention provides a vibration structure for constructing a wind energy collector. The innovation of the vibration structure for constructing the wind energy collector is characterized in that the vibration structure is composed of a vibration portion and a fixing portion; the vibration portion is formed by molding of a belt-shaped elastic material, 
the belt-shaped elastic material is bended to form a U shape, the opening of the U shape faces downward, and the end portions of the belt-shaped elastic material on the two sides of the opening portion of the U shape are fixedly connected with the fixing portion.
The vibration structure for constructing the wind energy collector has the advantages that the novel vibration structure and the wind energy collector are provided, 
through the structural advantages of the vibration structure, the wind direction and wind speed adaptation ranges of the wind energy collector are extended, and the energy collecting efficiency is improved.
The invention relates to an artificial wind energy power generation device, which belongs to the natural sciences and is environmental-friendly and energy-saving.
Wind energy generated by a universal wind energy vehicle is named as artificial wind energy; and when the artificial wind energy is used for generating power, the efficiency and the speed are high.
The artificial wind energy power generation replaces the thermal power generation and saves resources.
The artificial wind energy power generation replaces the nuclear power generation and eliminates the hidden danger for the life safety of people caused by the nuclear leakage.
The artificial wind energy power generation device structurally comprises three parts, namely the universal wind energy vehicle, generators and a steel fan cover.
One wind energy vehicle can serve more than 100 to 1,000 generators to generate power.
The utility model discloses a wind energy energy memory with heat dissipation function, including wind energy collecting system, wind energy conversion system, wind energy storage system, the wind energy collecting system comprises a plurality of cylinder rotary device, 
the wind energy conversion system converts electric energy through the generator including speed increaser, the generator is connected with cylinder rotary device in proper order after the cylinder rotary device collection wind energy, 
wind energy storage system includes transmission circuit, accumulator, and the electric energy that the generator produced transmits the accumulator to through the transmission circuit and saves.
The utility model discloses a rate of rotation of increase generator is made to the speed increaser, and then has improved electricity generation speed, and the electric energy that the generator produced is stored through the accumulator, 
the cooling system that the outside of a rotatory sectionof thick bamboo set up utilizes the coolant liquid in time to dispel the heat to the heat that the generator produced, makes the generator be in good operational environment constantly, is favorableto the sustainable of wind power generation to go on.
The invention relates to a wind power plant with a tower (102) which has a plurality of tower segments.
Some of the tower statements are constructed from a plurality of tower segment parts (10a).
The tower segment parts (10a) are fastened to one another via screw connections.
The wind power plant additionally has at least one guide rope (4) extending at least partially along the length of the tower.
The wind power plant also has a work platform (1), which can be fastened to the guide rope (4) for guidance and can be moved up and down by means of a traction rope (3).
Thereby the screw connections of adjacent tower segment parts (10a) can be inspected.
The invention discloses a wireless sensing node for monitoring a deep runnel roof based on wind energy collection, which comprises a wind energy collector, an intrinsically safe energy collection circuit, a strain sensor module and a wireless transmission module, 
and is characterized in that the wind energy collector and the intrinsically safe energy collection circuit are used for converting windenergy into electric energy and providing power for the strain sensor module and the wireless transmission module, 
the strain sensor module transfers measured roof deformation signals to the wirelesstransmission module, 
the wireless transmission module performs coding and modulation processing on the signals, converts the signals into signal suitable for channel transmission and transmits the signals through a transmitting antenna for the monitoring personnel to receive and analyze.
The wireless sensing node supplies power by adopting the mode of wind energy collection which is an energy collection mode that is free of pollution, simple in structure and long in service life.
The wind energy is applied to the wireless sensing node for monitoring the deep tunnel roof to enable the wirelesssensing node to operate for a long time, thereby avoiding inconvenience, waste and environmental pollution brought about by battery replacement of the traditional wireless sensing node.
A monitoring is made whether the voltage is lowered to a presettable-desired value within a presettable time, 
and/or an idle current is delivered, which is larger or equal to a presettable idle current desired value.
The invention discloses a breeze energy automatic charging double-drive electric motorcycle, which solves the phenomenon that an electric vehicle produces difficulty climbing by driving of double motors of front and rear wheels.
When the resistance is small on a flat road, a front drive power switch is turned off, power supply to a front drive wheel is stopped, and electric energy of a storage battery is not consumed; and a power source is turned on only when climbing or the flat road needs to be accelerated.
According to a principle of gathering more and more, a breeze energy power generationmodule is disposed in front of the electric motorcycle to capture wind energy during a driving process.
The breeze energy power generation module only needs a small energy to make air flow and then can output electric energy according to torque of a small-power generator; integration of the breeze energy power generation module is formed; 
high-power electric energy can be output to supplement theelectric energy of the storage battery of the electric motorcycle, functions of accelerating the climbing, saving energy, continuous charging, and the like can be achieved, 
so as to achieve the effect of long-distance driving; and therefore, the performance of the motorcycle is improved, which is beneficial to increase the market share of products, and creates economic and social benefits for enterprises.
The present invention relates to a wind-energy power equipment.
The utility model discloses a vertical solar energy and wind energy absorbing and converting device, its structure includes solar panel, the car shell, accumulator case, the wind power generation machine, the rear -view mirror, a wheel, plaque in the wheel encircles, reflection of light piece, 
the solar panel embedding is installed in the upper surface of car shell, the rear -view mirror passes through the screw and is connected with the car shell, accumulator case is located wind power generation machine the place ahead, the wind power generation press packed bale is drawn together the wind -guiding and is flowed the cover, the blade, the main drive chain, the body frame, 
the gear shaft, safety clutch, a control box, the deck store, an electric generator, the anemometry mark, the controlcarousel, the cabin shell, the wind -guiding flows cover and blade threaded connection, 
the utility model relates to a vertical solar energy and wind energy absorbing and converting device, the structural wind power generation machine that is equipped with flows the cover wind -guiding through the wind -guiding and makes the blade rotate, 
and through main drive chain rotation to gear shaft, the generator borrows safety clutch to generate electricity, and the electric flux is crossed the body frame and is carried accumulator case, makes the trolley -bus can have enough electric power to start,can play fine illuminating effect in evening.
The utility model discloses a high altitude wind energy ground generating set in parallel, including one at least generator (1), a plurality of power hoist engine (4) and a plurality of appearance rope hoist engines (5), 
power hoist engine (4) are used for driving generator (1) electricity generation through the hawser, it is used for the rolling to pass through to hold rope hoist engine (5) the hawser of power hoist engine (4), 
a plurality of platforms power hoist engine (4) for the parallelly connected setting of generator (1).
Compared with the prior art, the utility model discloses not high to the requirement of main shaft axiality, the installation degree of difficulty is little, do not influence each other between each hoist engine among the generating set, 
but its acting of individual adjustment, and under the same configuration, the generating efficiency is higher, and higher to the utilization ratio of unit, accessible reversing gearbox realizes umbellate form wind -power system's receipts rope down, can need not to set up in addition down motor, and the generating set structure is simpler.
The utility model relates to a wind energy and air pressure storage power circulating system which comprises a wind energy and air pressure conversion unit, a pressure storage unit and an air pressure and electric energy conversion unit, 
wherein the wind energy and air pressure conversion unit, the pressure storage unit and the air pressure and electric energy conversion unit are connected in sequence; 
the wind energy and air pressure conversion unit is used for collecting the wind energy of natural wind outside and converting the collected wind energy into potential energy of air pressure; 
the pressure storage unit is connected with the wind energy and air pressure conversion unit and used for storing the potential energy of air pressure generated by the wind energy 
and air pressure conversion unit as well as transmitting the constant-pressure air flow to the air pressure and electric energy conversion unit in the form of constant pressure; 
and the air pressure and electric energy conversion unit is connected with the pressure storage unit and used for converting the potential energy of air pressure into mechanical energy and then converting the mechanical energy into electric energy.
The utility model provides an upper -level winds can wind power generation set for collecting the wind energy aloft, being mechanical energy with wind energy conversion, it includes: become an angle setting's acting rope with ground, 
from supreme control box, headstock, acting umbrella and the balancing unit who connects gradually on the acting rope down, 
and the fixed acting rope of control box goes up and wireless connection central control unit, connects at the umbrella -type edge of acting umbrella and a plurality of strings between the control box, 
the utility model discloses still disclose a wind energy driving system who has adopted upper -level winds ability wind power generation set to realize, including hoist engine, one way clutch, acting device and central control transposition.
The utility model discloses control is easy, and does work opening and shutting of umbrella and can not influence the stability of aerial balanced system, 
aerial part have good stability can and control performance, and the stability of the mechanical delivered energy of ground segment acting can all obtain very big improvement.
The utility model discloses a solar energy, wind energy and lithium battery integrated power management system, which comprises a microcontroller, a lithium battery power supplying module, a solar energy power supplying module and a wind energy power supplying module, 
wherein the power supplying modules are provided with power supplying switches and connected with the microcontroller by the aid of voltage comparators. The power supplying switch of each power supplying module is controlled by the microcontroller, 
and the maximum power tracking technology is used in the collection of both solar energy and wind energy in the solar energy power supplying module and the wind energy power supplying module.
Accordingly, the system can sufficiently use the solar energy and the wind energy, and power supplying stability and continuity of the system can be tremendously improved as a lithium battery is used for supplying power when the solar energy and the wind energy are unstable.
The invention relates to an apparatus and method for adjusting the yaw of a nacelle of a wind energy system.
The present disclosure relates to a hydraulic pressure system for providing fluid pressure to actuate at least one hydraulic yaw motor for adjusting the yaw of a nacelle of a wind energy system independently of electrical power.
The hydraulic pressure system includes a connection portion connectable to a main drive train of the wind energy system, the main drive train transmitting kinetic energy generated by wind energy.
The hydraulic pressure system is adapted to be driven by the kinetic energy of the main drive train via the connection portion to provide the fluid pressure.
The present disclosure further relates to a hydraulic yaw adjustment system for adjusting the yaw of a nacelle of a wind energy system independently of electrical power, the hydraulic yaw adjustment system including the hydraulic pressure system.
The present disclosure further relates to a wind energy system including the hydraulic yaw adjustment system, to a non-electrical control system, and to a method of adjusting the yaw of the nacelle of the wind energy system independently of electrical power.
The invention discloses a method to collect wind energy via constructions and the architectural complex. The methods are as follows: multistory buildings or high-rise buildings are symmetrically arrayed on a round ground or a square ground to collect wind energy. 
A wind energy powerplant at safe altitude is used to absorb the wind energy collected by buildings.
The wind energy powerplant of the architectural complex consists of a stationary external wheel to guide wind flow and a rotary internal wheel of an air operated machine. The internal wheel of the air operated machine of the wind energy powerplant is combined with an electric generating set to transform the wind energy collected into electricity energy to be output.
The invention not only keeps the functions of buildings as places for living, study, and work, but also is a high-power wind energy collecting system with large wind collecting area to absorb natural wind from any direction.
A self-adaptive wind energy generation set comprises a wind energy collecting device, a wind energy generation device and a controller.
The direction of a rotary connector can be dynamically adjusted according to wind regime information detected by a sensor, and therefore the rotary connector is in seamless joint with a wind energy collector, and energy-gathered wind is guided into the wind energy generation device.
The controller is used for calculating the optimal wind speed and the optimal wind direction according to the information of the sensor and dynamically adjusting the rotary connector so as to optimize the rotating angle. 
Meanwhile, the controller is used for controlling a braking device to conduct braking when the wind speed exceeds a certain threshold so that the generation set can be protected.
The invention provides a ship provided with the set at the same time.
According to the layout scheme, the wind energy collecting device and the wind energy generation device are sequentially arranged on the top of an upper building and in a cabin.
The self-adaptive wind energy generation set has the advantages of saving energy and being safe and flexible; efficient utilization of wind energy is achieved conveniently,
and the proposed configuration scheme is beneficial for achieving the energy-saving goal by means of wind energy driving under the premise that the safety of the ship is guaranteed.
The utility model discloses a landscape illuminating lamp for wind power generation. The LED illuminating lamp comprises an upper clamping plate, a lower clamping plate and an LED illuminating lamp body. An LED illuminating lamp is fixedly connected between the upper clamping plate and the lower clamping plate; 
the top end of the inner side wall of the rain cover is fixedly connected with a speedincreaser, a generator, a storage battery, a timer and a controller, the side wall of the connecting rod is rotationally connected with a windmill,
a windmill wire is connected with the speed increaser, and a wire penetrating through hole is formed in the middle of the top end of the LED illuminating lamp.
Wind energy can be conveniently collected through a plurality of windmills, and the wind energy can be converted into electric energy to be stored in the storage battery so as to be used for illumination of the LED illuminating lamp; 
through the eight connecting rods and the eight windmills,it is guaranteed that the windmills are arranged in all directions, then wind energy can be comprehensively collected, the wind energy is converted into electric energy to be stored in the storage battery, and living electricity can be saved.
A wind energy park comprising a number of wind turbines (1) is disclosed.
Each wind turbine (1) comprises a tower (2) placed on a foundation, 
at least one nacelle (3) mounted on the tower (2) and a rotor (4) coupled to the nacelle (3) generating electrical energy for a power grid of the wind energy park.
The wind energy park further comprises at least one airborne wind energy system (12, 13) coupled to one of the wind turbines (1) via a cable (6).
The invention discloses a power distribution line wind resistance capability assessment method and system. The method comprises the steps that basic information of current typhoon and basic information of a tower are acquired; 
the maximum wind speed radius of the current typhoon, typhoon speed of the tower and typhoon direction of the tower are acquired according to the basic information of the current typhoon and the basic information of the tower; 
the conductive wire load of the tower, the tower load, the bending moment of the tower, the shear stress bending moment of the tower and the experience wind speed of the tower are acquired in turn according to the maximum wind speed radius of the current typhoon, the typhoon speed of the tower, the basic information of the current typhoon and the basic information of the tower; 
and wind resistance capability of the tower is assessed by adopting a wind resistance capability assessment model according to the acquired information.
Multiple decision variables and data type diversity of the decision variables are considered so that accuracy of power distribution line wind resistance capability assessment can be enhanced.
The invention discloses a wind energy power generation part based on an environment-friendly wind and solar power generation device. The environment-friendly wind and solar power generation device comprises an embedded fixing piece, the wind energy power generation part,
a solar power generation part, a wind and solar switching and wind direction control system, and a wind and solar power collecting box.
The wind energy power generation part based on the environment-friendly wind and solar power generation device adopts a wind energy power generation technology and a solar energy power generation technology to improve the solar energy utilization rate and the installation convenience through a tree structure, 
switches wind energy and solar energy for power generation according to day-nightand weather conditions to form a wind-energy and solar-energy complementary power generation mode, and meanwhile, controls and the adjusts the wind plate direction angle to change the direction of wind leaving away from the power generation device 
so as to realize regional prevention of the wind invasion and to achieve the effect of environmental protection.
The utility model belongs to solar energy photovoltaic generating field and wind energy generating field, particularly relates to a reflection condenser unit and a solar-wind energy integrated generating unit; the reflection condenser unit is provided with a parabolic type reflection plane; 
characterized in that the reflection plane is provided with wind tunnels that match with a wind energy generating unit and are arranged in array distribution around the core of the reflection plane.
The purpose of the utility model is to improve utilization rate of a unit generating apparatus to renewable sources; sunshine is gathered to a photovoltaic generating unit for photovoltaic power generation through the reflection condenser unit, 
or the sunshine is splitted after gathering and then transferred to the photovoltaic generating unit for photovoltaic power generation.
Furtherly, the solar-wind energy integrated generating unit in the utility model can also transfer the wind energy to the wind energy generating unit for wind power generation, so as to improve average effective generating time of the whole apparatus.
The invention provides a hydraulic wind power generation device. The wind power generation device is provided with a control module and an energy storage device capable of storing energy through a high pressure working medium; two or more energy storage pumps are driven by fan blades of the wind generation device through a gearbox; 
when the working medium is oil, the energy storage pumps are hydraulic pumps, and when the hydraulic pumps are driven, the oil in an oil tank is pumped into the energy storage device to form high pressure oil for energy storage; the hydraulic pumps comprises a largedischarge capacity hydraulic pump and a small discharge capacity hydraulic pump; 
clutchs capable of enabling the hydraulic pumps to be disconnected with the fan blades are connected to all the hydraulic pumps; 
and the control module controls the number and the discharge capacity of the hydraulic pumps driven by the fan blades through the clutches according to the current wind speed, so that the wind speed cut-in and cut-out range of a fan of the wind power generation device is enlarged. 
According to the wind power generation device, the wind speed cut-out and cut-in range can be enlarged, theinstallation is convenient, and the power output is stable.
The invention discloses a drift current type horizontal-column-shaped wind energy machine.
The wind energy machine consists of a column-shaped wind wheel and a pair of wind shielding covers with 90-degree arc surfaces.
The column-shaped wind wheel is formed by fixedly connecting four 90-degree arc-shaped blades to a shape of a pound sign on a center shaft.
The base parts of the four blades are thicker and are fixedly connected with one another so as to increase the strength of the wind wheel and enable the wind wheel to be adaptive to strong wind areas.
The column-shaped wind wheel is arranged horizontally, so that the load-bearing and stability problems are effectively solved.
The transverse of the wind wheel faces to year prevailing wind direction.
The wind shielding covers are used for shielding wind power preventing the rotation of the wind wheel and forming drift currents.
The drift currents only act on one side of the wind wheel, and the side is the concave surface of the blades of the wind wheel, thereby having good wind containing performance; while no resistance is at the other side of the wind wheel, therefore the utilization rate of the wind energy is high.
Only forward and backward wind power is taken account into the wind energy machine, so that the wind energy machine is only applicable to draught wind areas at special geographical positions.
Multiple layers of wind energy machines can be arranged in up and down, the wind power shielded by the wind shielding covers of one wind energy machine is guided into another wind energy machine, and the utilization rate of the wind energy is further improved.
The invention discloses a control method of a mid-high altitude wind power generation system. The mid-high altitude wind power generation system comprises a plurality of mid-high altitude wind energyconversion devices, 
and the number of uplink mid-high altitude wind energy conversion devices is controlled to be larger than or equal to the number of downlink mid-high altitude wind energy conversion devices.
Compared with the prior art, the control method of the mid-high altitude wind power generation system is easy to implement, it can be ensured that the whole power generation system comprises a certain number of uplink mid-high altitude wind energy conversion devices all the time, 
and stable power generation of the power generation system can be achieved while the power generation amountof the system is increased as much as possible.
In addition, the power generation amount of the system can be flexibly regulated as needed, and the flexibility and the controllability are quite high.
The invention relates to a wind turbine (100), comprising a tower (102), an aerodynamic rotor (106), 
wherein the aerodynamic rotor (106) can be operated at a variable rotor speed (n) and has a plurality of rotor blades (108), each having an adjustable rotor blade angle ([alpha]), 
a generator (Gen) for generating an electrical output power, wherein an operating characteristic curve (200, 202, 204,300, 302, 304, 306) for operating the wind turbine (100) is specified, which indicates a relationship between the rotor rotational speed (n) and the output power (P). 
Furthermore, a controller is provided, which adjusts the output power (P) in accordance with the operating characteristic curve (200, 202, 204, 300, 302, 304, 306) as a function of the rotor speed (n), 
wherein as an operating characteristic curve (200, 202, 204, 300, 302, 304, 306), a tonality-reduced operating characteristic curve (202, 204, 302, 304, 306) can be selected, which is configured in such a way that an excitation ofa system resonance of the wind turbine (100) is reduced compared to a performance-optimal operating characteristic curve (200, 300), without excluding a rotational speed (2) exciting the system resonance.
The invention relates to a wind turbine comprising a nacelle (104) and a rotor having at least two rotor blades (108).
The invention relates to a new-energy vehicle with a hub cooling function and high stability. The new-energy vehicle comprises a vehicle body, a solar panel and four wheels, wherein the solar panel isarranged at the top of the vehicle body; the wheels are arranged at the bottom of the vehicle body; 
four control mechanisms and four cooling mechanisms are arranged at the bottom of the vehicle bodyand are in one-to-one correspondence with the wheels; each control mechanism comprises two control units, 
the corresponding wheel is located between the two control units, each control unit comprisesan executing assembly and a lifting assembly, and each executing assembly comprises a connecting box, a lifting pate, a driving motor, a screw, a drive pipe, a connecting sleeve and a control block. 
According to the new-energy vehicle with the hub cooling function and high stability, the wheels and hubs are cooled by the cooling mechanisms, and further, the stability is improved by the control mechanisms.
The utility model belongs to the field of new energy automobile controller power supply circuits. The new energy automobile controller power supply comprises a power supply body, the circuit comprisesa storage battery circuit, a switch driving circuit, a preprocessing circuit and a power supply output circuit, 
the control output end of the switch driving circuit is in on-off connection with the storage battery circuit; the output end VPRE of the preprocessing circuit is in power supply connection with the power supply output circuit;
the power supply output circuit comprises a reference voltage circuit and an output circuit. According to the utility model, the power supply chip U1 is used for preprocessing the electric energy output by the storage battery and outputting the voltage VPRE;
the voltage VPRE is adjusted to 5V by means of the input linear voltage regulator U2, reference voltage is provided for a subsequent output circuit, the output voltage levels of the subsequent outputcircuit are unified, 
good output performance is guaranteed, and the supply requirement of a power supply is met.
The invention relates to a safety type charging pile used for a new energy vehicle and having a wide application range. The safety type charging pile used for the new energy vehicle and having the wide application range comprises a lifting mechanism and a housing; 
the lifting mechanism comprises a locating rod, a slide block, a driving assembly, a fixed block, a telescopic rack, a connecting plate, a transmission block and two connecting rods; 
an adjusting mechanism comprises a contraction and release assembly and a rotating assembly; the contraction and release assembly comprises a contraction and release unit, a connecting block, two driving rods, two driven rods and two limiting blocks; 
and the rotating assembly comprises a third motor, a turntable, a first interface and a second interface. 
According to the safety type charging pile used for the new energy vehicle and having the wide application range, 
by using the lifting mechanism to lower the housing when the housing is not in use, the charging pile is prevented from being damaged or affecting the vehicle while not in use so that the convenience of the charging pile is enhanced; 
and by using the adjusting mechanism to switchan alternating current interface and a direct current interface, the application range of the charging pile is made wider, and the practicability of the charging pile is enhanced.
The utility model relates to a power device applying the solar hydrogen new energy on a gardening lawn mower, belonging to the technical field of new energy applications.
The sunlight irradiates a solar battery to generate current which is input to a water electrolysis hydrogen preparation device through leads for generating hydrogen; the hydrogen is delivered to a hydrogen fuel storage vessel manufacturing workshop through a hydrogen delivery pipeline; 
a hydrogen fuel storage vessel delivered out from the hydrogen fuel storage vessel manufacturing workshop is installed on 'a solar hydrogen new energy power-driven gardening lawn mower'; 
the hydrogen fuel output from the hydrogen fuel storage vessel is input to a hydrogen fuel battery through a hydrogen fuel delivery pipe, and releases electric energy through the electrochemical reaction in the hydrogen fuel battery, 
the current is input to a motor to convert the electric energy into mechanical energy, a power output shaft of the motor outputs mechanical energy power to drive a turnplate connected with the power output shaft of the motor to rotate fast and a cutter installed below the turnplate and a blade installed on the turnplate to rotate fast so as to cut the over-high leaves of the grass on the lawn.
The invention provides a high-cooling-performance new energy automobile motor. The motor comprises a motor shell, a stator assembly, a rotor assembly and a cooling assembly, 
wherein the motor shell comprises an inner shell and an outer shell; an annular groove is formed in the inner wall of one end of the inner shell; the stator assembly comprises magnetic steel which is molded in the inner shellby injection and a magnetic conductive part which is arranged along the inner wall of the inner shell; 
the magnetic steel, the magnetic conductive part and the annular groove are coaxially arranged; the rotor assembly comprises a rotor; the rotor is rotationally mounted in the inner shell through a bearing; the bearing is coaxially mounted in the annular groove; 
the cooling assembly comprises a frame structure and a flow guide plate; the frame structure is fixedly arranged between the inner shell and the outer shell and is arranged along the circumferential direction of the outer wall of the inner shell;
and the frame structure, the inner shell and the outer shell define a containing space used for containing the flow guide plate.
The structure of the new energy automobile motor provided by the invention can ensure that the motor has a relatively good cooling effect.
The invention discloses a multifunctional new energy combination lamp. The multifunctional new energy combination lamp comprises a ground box, one side of the inner portion of the ground box is provided with a plurality of sets of storage batteries, one side of the top end of the ground box is fixedly provided with a first supporting rod, 
one side of the top end of the first supporting rod is fixedly provided with a control box, one side of the inner portion of the control box is provided with a control panel, one side of the outer surface of the control box is fixedly provided with a controller, 
one side of the top end of the control box is fixedly provided with a second supporting rod, one side of the top end of the second supporting rod is fixedly provided with a lamp hood, one side ofthe inner portion of the lamp hood is provided with an energy-saving bulb, 
one side of the top end of the lamp hood is fixedly provided with a third supporting rod, and one side of the third supporting rod is provided with a plurality of sets of solar panels.
By means of the multifunctional new energy combination lamp, an overall device can be made to be used in a more energy-saving manner, electricity storage can be performed utilizing clean and pollution-free wind energy and solar energy sources, and better use prospects are brought about.
The utility model relates to a new energy automobile with function is drunk to umbrella dehydration and rainwater, including automobile body, seat and well accuse platform, still include dehydration mechanism and water drinking mechanism, 
dehydration mechanism includes second motor, spin dryer tube and two fastening units including the vibrations subassembly and the subassembly that spin -dries, vibrations subassembly drive unit and vibrations unit, the subassembly that spin -dries, water drinking mechanism includes drinking water subassembly and shunting assembly.
Among this new energy automobile with function is drunk to umbrella dehydration and rainwater, pass through dehydration mechanism, make the rainwater on the umbrella receive the effect of centrifugal force to break away from theumbrella, 
thereby the minimize rainwater drenches the interior trim of car, the influence is experienced by bus, pass through water drinking mechanism, purify the rainwater and use, utilize the inside unnecessary heat energy of automobile body, can adjust the temperature, 
make the car owner, the passenger possess the water source that can drink at any time, it is more convenient, through these, new energy automobile's practicality and functional is greatly improved.
The utility model aims to provide a front longitudinal beam of a new energy vehicle, which can support a vehicle body to improve the collision performance and can give way to a battery. The utility model discloses a new energy vehicle front longitudinal beam.
the sections of the front longitudinal beam are U-shaped, and notches opened towards the side surfaces are formed in the front longitudinalbeam; front longitudinal beams are arranged on the left and right sides of the front end of the frame; a notch of the front longitudinal beam on the left side is opened leftwards; 
a notch of the frontlongitudinal beam on the right side is opened rightwards; the front longitudinal beam comprises a front longitudinal beam front section, a front longitudinal beam middle section and a front longitudinal beam rear section. a plurality of energy absorption ribs are arranged in a notch of the front longitudinal beam front section; 
the sizes of the cross sections of the front longitudinal beam middlesection and the front longitudinal beam rear section are gradually increased from front to back;
the distance between the upper end face and the lower end face of the front longitudinal beam middle section and the distance between the upper end face and the lower end face of the front longitudinal beam rear section are gradually increased, 
the front longitudinal beam rear section of the front longitudinal beam on the left side is bent leftwards, the front longitudinal beam rear section of the front longitudinal beam on the right side is bent rightwards, and the front longitudinal beam rear section comprises a rear section upper portion and a rear section lower portion.
The invention discloses a battery drying box for a new energy ship, and relates to the technical field of new energy batteries.
The battery drying box for the new energy ship comprises an outer box body and an inner box body. An outer box body cover is connected with the upper surface of the outer box body in a rotating mode through a rotating shaft, and a first handle is fixedly connected with the upper surface of the outer box body cover. Two first electric push rods are fixedly connected with the inner bottom surface of the outer box body,
and the other end of each first electric push rod is fixedly connected with the lower bottom surface of the inner box body. Four first springs are fixedly connected with the inner bottom surface of the outer box body, and the other end of each first spring and the lower bottom surface of the inner box body are in clearance fit. 
Fifteen second springs are fixedly connected with the inner surface of the outer box body, and the other end of each second spring is fixedly connected with a separating plate.
According to the battery drying box for the new energy ship, due to the fact that the first box body and the second box body are arranged, the problem that when an existing new energy battery is installed on a ship, no drying sealing device exists is solved; 
and due to the fact that the shock-absorbing springs are arranged between the first box body and the second box body, the problem that the existing new energy battery is prone to shaking and being damaged is solved.
The utility model discloses a novel new forms of energy power carrier is attached device, include hydraulic power unit, engine, electric wire, auxiliary equipment, battery, motor, stator, rotor, axisof rotation, 
drive arrangement, first bearing, clutch, fixed block, initiative sleeve pipe, main movable fluted disc, arresting gear, controller, driven sleeve pipe, follow movable fluted disc and second bearing, 
the hydraulic power unit left side is connected with the engine, wherein, there is the battery at the auxiliary equipment top through the connection of electric lines, the inside motor that is provided with of engine, 
the inside stator that is provided with of motor, the inside rotor that is provided with of stator, the inside axis of rotation that is provided with of rotor, the geardisc left side is provided with the second bearing, 
and this novel new forms of energy power carrier is attached device is automatic switching power as required, has ensured the normal operation of automobile, and has lengthened power device's life.
The invention discloses a lithium ion battery separator for a new energy automobile, the lithium ion battery separator comprises a modified non-woven material separator, wherein the surfaces of both sides of the modified non-woven material separator are coated with a modified ceramic coating, 
and the modified non-woven material separator includes the following materials: polyethylene, polypropylene, lithium phosphate, lithium sulfonate, n-octadecyl alcohol, triphenyl phosphite, acetone, tetrahydrofuran, deionized water, 4,4-diaminodiphenyl ether, 
N, N-dimethyl acetamide and pyromellitic dianhydride; the invention also discloses a preparation method of the lithium ion battery separator for the new energy automobile.
The preparation method solves the technical problems that when the existinglithium ion battery separator has a large pore diameter, positive and negative electrodes are easy to directly contact or easily pierced by lithium dendrites to cause short circuit, when the existinglithium ion battery separator has a too small pore diameter, electrical resistance is increased, 
and when temperature is raised, the heat shrinkage rate of the separator is large, and the shrinkage of the separator causes direct contact between the positive and negative electrodes, so that the short circuit is prone to occur.
The invention relates to the field of new energy vehicles and particularly relates to a smart wire harness connector for a new energy vehicle and a control method thereof. The connector comprises a wire harness plug and a wire harness socket. The wire harness socket is an outer casing with an opening at one side, 
a plurality of wire insertion jacks are uniformly arranged in the outer casing, an electric control box with an opening at one side is set in the outer casing, a pair of metal elastic pieces is set in the wire insertion jacks, 
and tail ends of the metal elastic pieces are connected bya locking screw that can be wound by a cable. A sensor module, a control chip, a capacitor and a variable resistor which are electrically connected are fixed in the electric control box. 
The appearance of the wire harness plug is matched with the outer casing of the wire harness socket, and pins corresponding to the wire insertion holes one to one are set in the wire harness plug.
According to the connector, while the function of the wire connection of a traditional connector is considered, the connector is intelligent, and the problem of wire harness can be independently checked or a driveror maintenance personnel is reminded to make corresponding countermeasures.
The invention disclose a new energy vehicle device. The device comprises a charging gun connected with a new energy vehicle through a cable and a charging pile body connected with mains supply; the charging gun comprises a hand-pinched piece, 
two insertion arms are symmetrically arranged at the front and rear ends of the right end surface of the hand-pinched piece, a locking groove is formed in the right end of each insertion arm, and a touch rod is arranged at the middle end of the right end surface of the hand-pinched piece;
the charging pile body comprises a shell sleeve, a hook is fixedly installed on the upper portion of the right end surface of the shell sleeve, and an electrical connection hole which is provided with an end opening facing leftwards and connected with the touch rod in a matched mode is formed in the left end surface of the shell sleeve, 
and the front and rear ends of the left end surface of the shell sleeve are symmetrically provided with arm insertion grooves connected with the insertion arms in a matched mode. 
The new energy vehicle device is simple in structure and good in power supply stability, electric shock accidents are prevented from occurring when the charging gun is plugged in or pulled out, the safety of the new energy vehicle during charging is ensured, 
and the whole device runs reliably, the locking and unlocking operation of the insertion arms and the contact rod is convenient, the charging gun is pulled out conveniently, and more labor is saved.
The invention relates to the technical field of new-energy automobile equipment, and discloses a battery box device for a new-energy automobile. The battery box device for the new-energy automobile comprises a box, wherein first barrels are fixedly mounted at the bottom of the inner cavity of the box; 
vertical rods are movably connected to the tops of the first barrels; clamping plates are arranged inside the first barrels; the bottom ends of the vertical rods run through the first barrels and stretch into the first barrels; 
the bottom ends of the vertical rods are fixedly connected to the topends of the clamping plates.
According to the battery box device for the new-energy automobile, through coordination of the vertical rods, the clamping plates and the first springs, the elastic forces of the first springs counteract a part of the impact of the automobile during bumping, 
and damage to a battery is reduced through a protective pad mounted on the top of a transverse plate; 
through coordination of clamping slots, first rotating rods, supporting rods, fourth springs and third rotating rods, buttons are pressed to separate U-shaped rods from the buttons and the elastic forces of the fourth springs facilitate jacking of a box cover through the supporting rods, so that quick replacement of the battery by a user is facilitated.
The invention discloses a high-efficient heat dissipation packaging structure for a new energy automobile battery, and belongs to the field of new energy. The high-efficient heat dissipation packagingstructure for the new energy automobile battery comprises a body, wherein a cavity is formed in the body, and the two ends of the cavity penetrate through the opposite two ends of the body correspondingly. 
A battery carrying device for placing the battery is arranged in the cavity, and the battery carrying device is made of heat conduction materials. A ventilation channel is formed between the outer wall of the battery carrying device and the inner wall of the cavity, 
fixing membersare arranged in the ventilation channel, and the battery carrying device is connected to the inner wall of the cavity through the fixing members. 
Water storage bags made of elastic heat conduction materials are arranged in the ventilation channel, a water inlet and a water outlet are formed in each of the waterstorage bags, and the water storage bagsare fixedly connected to the inner wall of the cavity.
The high-efficient heat dissipation packaging structure for the new energy automobile battery has a simple structure, reasonable design and effective heat dissipation to the battery.
The utility model relates to a battery charging outfit for new energy automobile charges based on thing networking, comprising a main body, electricity generation mechanism, the support column, charging device and central control machine construct, be equipped with elevating system between main part and the support column, 
elevating system includes the driving motor of vertical setting, a drivingshaft, a suction port, slider and connecting rod, central control machine constructs including central control module, motor control module, charge control module, charging control module, 
speech control module, display control unit, key control module, state indicating module and working power supply module, working power supply module includes work power supply circuit, 
among this a battery charging outfit for new energy automobile charges based on thing networking, can realize the altitude mixture control between support column and the main part through elevating system, thereby the practicality of battery charging outfit has been improved, 
among the work power supply circuit, adopt conventional components and parts, not only realized mains voltage's firm output, but also reduced manufacturing cost, improved the market competition of battery charging outfit.
The utility model relates to a solar photovoltaic power supply new energy culture acousto-optical graphene shield, and belongs to the technical field of new energy application.
A solar cell is installed on the upper portion of the outer surface of the grapheme shield made of graphene new material, wherein the area of the solar cell occupies more than twenty percent of the shield.
The solar cell is shined through sunlight to generate electric current, the electric current is input into a light emitting diode (LED) lighting lamp through a conductive wire, electric energy inside the LED lighting lamp is converted into light energy to light up culture patterns on the outer surface of the shield; 
electric current output from a controller is input into an energy storage battery to store electric energy; electric current output from the controller is input into a microphone and a loudspeaker, 
and a safeguard worker grasps a shield grip on the back face of the graphene shield by hand, and simultaneously shouts towards an incident scene in the front of the shield through the microphone and the loudspeaker to ask for stability and maintain social stability.
Acousto-optical devices are installed on the hard graphene shield in configuration mode, and the graphene shield has more functions, and is beneficial for the safeguard worker to do a better job of security work.
The invention relates to a safe and reliable shock mitigation system for a new-energy automobile. The safe and reliable shock mitigation system comprises an outer pipe, an axis, a piston, a reset spring, a flow dividing mechanism and a dust removing mechanism; 
the flow dividing mechanism comprises a control component and a moving component; the control component comprises two rotating units; the moving component comprises a fixing rod, a moving block, a second spring, an oil outlet and a telescopic unit; 
and the dust removing mechanism comprises a driving chamber, a driving motor, a driving wheel, a connecting rod, a loop ring, a cylinder and a sweeping brush.
According to the safe and reliable shock mitigation system for the new-energy automobile, the flow of hydraulic oil can be dividedby virtue of the flow dividing mechanism so that an oil hole can be prevented from being damaged by high pressure which cannot be borne by the oil hole, 
and the safety and the reliability of a hydraulic shock absorber are greatly improved; 
by virtue of the dust removing mechanism, dust and impurities are prevented from entering the hydraulic shock absorber along with the axis so that blocking of the oil hole is prevented, the service life of the hydraulic shock absorber is not affected, and the practicability and the reliability of the hydraulic shock absorber are improved.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile's electronic hydraulic pressure helping hand system, include: the steering gear, oil pipe is returned to low pressure, high pressure fuel pipe, electronic helping hand pump, it includes hydraulic pressure oilcan, hydraulic pump, motor drive and motor, wherein, 
and the hydraulic pressure oilcan, its top is equipped with area lid opening, and the lower part is equipped with a recess, and its outside is equipped with the port that oil pipe was returned to low pressure, and inside is equipped with an output hydraulic fluid port, 
the hydraulic pump, in its recess of placing the hydraulic pressure oilcan in, there is a rotatable power shaft at the center, and its input links to each other with the output hydraulic fluid port of hydraulic pressure oilcan, 
but the output is equipped with the port of output the high pressrue oil, and the output links to each other with the steering gear through high -pressure oil circuit,
motor drive, one end links with high voltage battery inclusive AND low -tension battery electricity to through the bus network intercommunication of communication cable with whole car, 
the motor, its input links with the motor drive electricity, and the output shaft passes through the coupling joint with the power shaft of hydraulic pump.
The present case can be used as new energy automobile's the hydraulic pressure helping hand system that turns to.
The utility model discloses be provided with the capillary groove and the sponge that absorbs water, the sponge that absorbs water will be followed the water that the box body top flowed in and absorbed, effectively prevent water stain inflows box body in, protection new energy batteries is not damaged by the water logging is wet, 
to effectively dispelling the heat in box body inside and new energy batteries, improves new energy batteries's life,the new forms of energy of being convenient for dispel the heat, just play fine cushioning effect.
The utility model provides an instrument desk that new energy automobile used, new energy automobile include frame and gear level, including instrument desk body and chassis, the instrument desk bodyleft and right sides is equipped with the warm braw mouth, 
and the top of instrument desk body is equipped with leading ventiduct, and the middle part of instrument desk body is equipped with the groove of shifting, and the groove of should shifting is used for installing the gear level, instrument desk body lower part is equipped with a plurality of mount pad.
The chassis includes chassis body and down mounting panel, left mounting panel and right mounting panel, the upper portion of this chassis body pass through a plurality of mount pad with this body coupling of instrument desk, 
equal andthe connected to the frame of lower mounting panel, left mounting panel and right mounting panel.
This neotype frame, instrument desk body and chassis body mutual independence can separately independently produce the three, and then assemble to expense when having avoided because of maintenance that the integrative production of instrument desk body and frame arouses, assembly fee improves production efficiency, 
and convenient maintenance reduces cost of maintenance, can also keep clean and tidy outward appearance simultaneously.
The invention discloses a new energy vehicle body system structure, belongs to the technical field of new energy vehicles, and particularly relates to a new energy vehicle body system structure.
The new energy vehicle body system structure is safe in using and can save energy.
The new energy vehicle body system structure comprises an aerodynamic system, a remote monitoring system and a vehicle body branch. The aerodynamic system comprises a first air storage device, an air control device and a pneumatic motor, 
the pneumatic motor is provided with an air inlet and an air outlet, and the first air storage device communicates with one end of the air control device; 
the anode output end of a charging circuit is connected with an anode of a battery pack and the same-phase input end of a batteryvoltage comparison chip, and the reverse-phase input end of the battery voltage comparison chip is connected with the output end of a reference voltage chip; 
and the output end of the battery voltagecomparison chip is connected with a first control end, and the anode input end of the reference voltage chip is connected with the same-phase input end of the battery voltage comparison chip, the anode input end of the charging circuit and a first charging anode end.
The invention discloses a new-energy winter heating device for domestic use. The new-energy winter heating device comprises a fixed base plate and a housing; 
the top of the fixed base plate is sequentially fixed connected with a water tank and a solar water heater from front to back; and a partition plate is fixedly connected inside the water tank. The new-energy winter heating device disclosed bythe invention relates to the technical field of heating devices.
According to the new-energy winter heating device for domestic use, the solar water heater is arranged for supplying hot water to a U-shaped pipe; the hot water can stay inside the U-shaped pipe for a certain time so that the heat of the hot water can be fully dissipated by a motor and fan blades; 
an air pump is used for sucking theair inside the water tank so that the cooled water inside the U-shaped pipe can be pumped into the water tank by virtue of a reflowing pipe without affecting the temperature of the water inside the solar water heater, so the solar water heater can realize continuous supply of hot water; 
an exhaust pipe is arranged in a manner of communicating with the housing and the air pump; warm air exhaustedby the air pump can also be exhausted to a room so that the heat utilization rate is greatly increased; the motor does not need to work when the air pump is in work, so electric energy is saved; and the new-energy winter heating device realizes relative energy conservation and environmental protection.
The utility model discloses a fixing device of battery for new energy automobile, including placing the case, first fixed plate has been placed to the inside of placing the case, and the last fixed surface of first fixed plate is connected with cell ontology, 
two symmetrical first fixed blocks of bottom surface fixedly connected with of first fixed plate, and all there is a carriage release leverbottom of every first fixed block through a pivort fixation is articulated.
This fixing device of battery for new energy automobile, through being provided with first slide bar, first sliding ring isused in the cooperation, first powerful spring, the carriage release lever, the second slide bar, the powerful spring of third of second sliding ring, can effectual elasticity through first powerful spring slow down the impact force that first sliding ring received, 
slow down the impact force of the vertical direction that cell ontology received, simultaneously the powerful spring of third slows down the impact force of the horizontal direction that cell ontology received, 
thereby realize the shock attenuation effect to cell ontology, the problem of current fixing device of battery for new energy automobile shock attenuation effect relatively poor is solved.
The utility model discloses an alternating-current permanent-magnetic synchronous motor for new energy cars.The alternating-current permanent-magnetic synchronous motor comprises a shell, a motor stator is fixed on the inner wall of the shell, 
a rotatable permanent-magnetic rotor is arranged on the motor stator and fixed on a motor rotary shaft which is connected on the shell through a bearing and extended out of an end face of the shell, 
a cooling fan is arranged on the other end face, opposite to the end face out of which the motor rotary shaft is extended, of the shell, a cooling pipeline, a water inlet and a water outlet are arranged in a shell layer of the shell in a wound manner,
the water inlet and the water outlet are communicated with the cooling pipeline and arranged on the end face, with the cooling fan, of the shell, 
outward-protruding cooling fins are arranged on the peripheral side of the shell, the cooling fan is detachably arranged on the shell through a mounting frame, and a double-layer-stacked winding is arranged on the motor stator.
The alternating-current permanent-magnetic synchronous motor for the new energy cars is high in heat dissipation performance.
The invention relates to an intelligent charging pile allowing a new energy vehicle to charge. The intelligent charging pile comprises a housing, an electric generating mechanism, a charging mechanism and a central control mechanism, 
wherein a washing mechanism is arranged on a solar panel, and comprises a guide rail, a driving assembly and a washing assembly; the driving assembly comprises a driving motor, a driving shaft and a driving gear; the washing assembly comprises a driving wheel, a conveyor belt and a washing brush; 
a moving assembly is also arranged on the washing brush; a voice control module comprises a voice control electric circuit; and the voice control electric circuit comprises an integrated circuit. 
According to the intelligent charging pile allowing the new energy vehicle to charge disclosed by the invention, dust or dirt on the solar panel can be reliably washed through the washing mechanism, so that the reliability of the charging pile is improved; 
and in addition, through the voice control electric circuit, reliable amplifying and outputting of an audio signal are realized, so that the reliability of a voice prompt is improved, and the reliability of the charging pile is improved.
The utility model relates to a solar charging stake for new energy automobile charges, including base, casing, circuit module, the subassembly that charges, electricity generation mechanism and cleanmechanism, the subassembly that charges includes spooler and charging wire, 
and electricity generation mechanism includes baffle, a solar cell panel, the 2nd solar cell panel, first pivot and first motor, and clean mechanism includes displacement assembly and clean subassembly, 
and displacement unit includes second motor and first lead screw, and clean subassembly includes the support and sets upthe clean unit in the support both sides.
This a solar charging stake for new energy automobile charges, usable solar energy power generation to be used for charging of electric automobile with the electric energy of storing.
Distinctive electricity generation mechanism can realize the folding of solar cell panel and hide and be clean, has protected solar cell panel effectively, has guaranteed thegenerating efficiency.
When the vehicle gets into that the casing is inside to charge, the steel sheet of both sides can with the vehicle protection inside the casing, destruction prevents to sufferin the vehicle charging process.
The invention discloses a new energy illumination device, which comprises a first supporting plate, wherein the bottom of an inner cavity of the first supporting plate is fixedly connected with a placement box; the left side of the first supporting plate is communicated with a filling pipe; 
the bottom of the filling pipe is communicated with the placement box; a power generation mechanism is arranged inside the first supporting plate; the right side of an inner cavity of the first supporting plate is fixedly connected with a methane fuel cell.
According to the new energy illumination device, by the arrangement of the placement box, an effect of placing garage is achieved; by the filling pipe, the garbage is conveniently added into the placement box; by the power generation mechanism, an effect of generating energy is achieved; 
by the methane fuel cell, an effect of storing electric energy is achieved, and the effect of generating energy is also achieved; by a second supporting plate and a third supporting plate, an effect of supporting an LED lamp is achieved; 
by a solar panel, the effect of generating energy is achieved; by a storage cell, the illumination device cannot consume alarge amount of energy during use, and people can use the illumination device conveniently.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile energy storage drive arrangement, including the bearing frame, bearing frame bottom both ends are run through there is positioning bolt, the bearingframe right side is connected with the pivot, 
the pivot right -hand member is connected with rotor core, both sides are equipped with the electromagnetism north pole and electric magnetic south respectively about the rotor core, rotor core is last evenly set up fluted, be equipped with excitation winding in the recess, 
the excitation winding right -hand member runs through there is the sliding ring, first brush and second brush are installed respectively to the sliding ring top, be connected with first terminal and second terminal on first brush and the second brush respectively, 
storage battery is installed on the top right side in the bearing frame, the utility model discloses a set up the rotor core structure in the bearing frame, the pivot that utilizes the car drives rotor core and rotates, 
and the electromagnetism north pole and the motion of electric magnetic south cut magnetic produce the electric energy, for new energy automobile's motor operation provides the drive electricenergy, has very high practicality.
The utility model relates to a power device with hydrogen fuel cell new energy used on a gardening mower, which belongs to the technical field of new energy application and mainly adopts a hydrogen fuel cell new energy device and a gardening mower which are connected to form a hydrogen cell new energy electric gardening mower.
Hydrogen fuel output from a hydrogen fuel storage container is input into a hydrogen cell through a hydrogen fuel delivery pipe, and in the hydrogen cell, the hydrogen fuel and oxygen directly carry out electrochemical reaction to high-efficiently generate electric current which is input into an electric motor through a conductor wire, 
electric energy is converted into mechanical energy in the electric motor, a power output shaft of the electric motor outputs the mechanical energy power to drive a rotary disk in the gardening mower connected with the power output shaft of the electric motor to quickly rotate, 
and then a cutter head which is mounted below the rotary disk and combined with the rotary disk and a cutter blade mounted on the cutter head are driven to make rapid rotation to cut off long and wild leaves of green grass exceeding a certain height.
The utility model discloses a drag hoist and mount and put for new energy automobile, including the horizontal stand, the groove of sideslipping has all been offered to the vertical both sides of horizontal stand inner wall, sideslips and is connected with the horizontal pole between the groove, 
and the both sides of horizontal pole bottom all is provided with the pulley, and the track groove hasbeen offered to the bottom inner wall in the groove of sideslipping, and pulley sliding connection is at the track inslot, the L connected in star has been seted up at the top of horizontal pole, 
andthe L connected in star has two and symmetry to set up, and L connected in star in -connection has a picture peg, and the top fixedly connected with brake valve lever of picture peg, brake valve leverextend to the top of horizontal pole, a plurality of ka dong has been offered to the vertical one side inner wall in groove of sideslipping, 
and the one end card that the picture peg was kept away from is each other established in calorie hole.
The utility model discloses make to drag to hoist and putting in transfer to the carriage of transporting the car of to hoist to the new energy automobileof various sizes for new energy automobile does not receive the damage in the process that shifts, 
and it is convenient just to adjust, has satisfied people and has put the user demand in the life into production.
The invention relates to a new energy vehicle safe and reliable type motor comprising a housing, a rotary shaft, a rotor and a stator, a speed control mechanism and a processing mechanism; the speed control mechanism comprises a centrifugation assembly and two mobile assemblies; 
the processing mechanism comprises a blade, an air outlet, an air inlet, a connecting tube, a refrigeration chamber, a filter chamber, a filter screen, a first filter layer and a second filter layer; 
the new energy vehicle safe and reliable type motor uses the speed control mechanism to regulate the stator positions, thus automatically adjusting the motor rotating speed, preventing motor damages caused by the too large motor rotating speed and increased rotary shaft torque, reducing the frequency of using a brake disc to brake, and reducing the brake disc losses; 
the processing mechanism can cool and dehumidify the inner side of the motor, thus preventing high temperature and wet air from damaging the motor inner side, improving the motor life, and greatly increasing the motor safety and reliability.
The utility model discloses a self -service new energy automobile reel fills electric pile, including mechanical structure and circuit system, 
mechanical structure includes electronic reel, step motor, reel support frame, fills the electric gun support frame, fills electric gun, power cord support frame, charging cable, 
circuit system includes MCU and peripheral circuit, orientation module, digital electric energy meter module, motor drive, power supply relay, 
orientation module, digital electric energy meter module, motor drive, power supply relay are connected respectively to MCU and peripheral circuit, and motor drive connects step motor.
The utility model provides a self -service new energy automobile reel fills electric pile, it builds low cost, erects the convenience, it inquires thegeographical position to be convenient for the car owner, finds the available electric pile of filling fast,
and fill electric pile and possess the function that electric gun and cable are filled inautonomic recovery, the very big reduction of reel formula design fill electric pile's area, simultaneously can prevent the damage of artificial maloperation to filling electric gun and cable.
The utility model relates to an intelligent new energy automobile that separation efficiency is high based on thing networking, include drive assembly including defogging mechanism, the accent is to the subassembly, defogging component and two translation subassemblies, 
drive assembly includes first motor and two drive unit, drive unit includes first drive shaft and drive gear, the translation subassembly includes driven gear, a screw rod, slider and two bearings, 
this intelligent new energy automobile that separation efficiency is high based on thing networking drives two translation subassemblies at windshield's upper and lower both sides quick travel through drive assembly in defogging mechanism, 
thereby the cleansing bar among the messenger defogging component is at the surperficial quick travel of windshield, rapid elimination water smoke, make the driver resume the sight, realize safe driving, 
moreover, remove the back at cleansing bar many times, drive the cleansing bar rotationthrough transferring to the subassembly, make it back to windshield, it cleans the maintenance to be convenient for people, make cleansing bar resume clean ability, 
thereby this new energy automobile's practicality has been improved.
The invention discloses a recycling method of a new energy automobile power battery. The recycling method comprises the following steps of S1, disassembling a module after a new energy automobile power system is disassembled, and removing a screw or diversion bar of laser welding to obtain scattered single battery cells; 
S2, grouping the single battery cells again, wherein the single battery cellsare tested when such battery cells are grouped according to a certain process; 
S3, analyzing the test data, sieving the single batteries with small difference, selecting the single battery cells within a certain capacity range and voltage range, and assembling to a new battery system according to an actual demand; 
and S4, respectively detecting the disassembled single battery cells, disassemblingthe single battery cells which are relatively large in difference and cannot be grouped, and recycling active substance.
The whole method is simple, a waste battery can be efficiently recycled, and the recycling method is worth promotion.
The invention relates to a safe and reliable charging pile for a new energy vehicle, include a housing, protection mechanisms and four cushioning mechanisms, 
The protective mechanism comprises a rack,gear, connecting shaft, spool, connecting wire, protective cover, guide bar, fixing blocks, two first springs, two stop plates and two lock assemblies, 
The cushioning mechanism comprises a cushioningplate, a first buffer assembly and two second buffer assemblies, A first buffer assembly includes a buffer block, a drive lever, a guide unit and two first cushioning units, 
the safe and reliable charging pile for the new energy vehicle, 
As that protection mechanism protect the charging head from being damaged by the external environment when the charging head is not in use, the safety of the charge pile can be improved, 
and as the buffer mechanism plays a cushioning protection role to the shell, the damage of the shell when the shell is impacted can be reduced, and the service life of the charging pile can be prolonged.
The utility model relates to a new energy automobile with lane departure alarm system is equipped with the seat in the automobile body, be equipped with percussion mechanism and massage mechanism in the seat, 
percussion mechanism includes that first motor, carousel, drive block, actuating lever, ejector pad, cover ring sum beat the piece, massage mechanism includes fixed block, second motor, leadscrew, walks position piece and massage subassembly, 
remind the subassembly to include the electro -magnet, a spring, the iron plate, remind the lamp, the baffle, the strip gear, knuckle -tooth wheeland four Motors, 
this new energy automobile with lane departure alarm system project organization is ingenious, and high practicality, , lane departure warning system gives PLC the signal generation after reporting to the police, 
PLC passes through percussion mechanism and takes place vibrations, it massages at driver's back to make the massage subassembly remove simultaneously, the warning lamp that the subassembly was reminded to the rethread is in the preceding scintillation of driver, 
the bee calling organ that deuterogamies carries out all -round warning, thereby remind the driver to carry out the safety traffic, driver's safety has been guaranteed.
The invention discloses a shock absorption chassis for a new energy four-wheel drive automobile, and relates to the technical field of new energy vehicles. The shock absorption chassis for the new energy four-wheel drive automobile comprises a support shaft plate, wherein a transmission rotating shaft is inserted into an inner cavity of the support shaft plate, 
and automobile wheels are separatelyinstalled on the two ends of the transmission rotating shaft; limiting baffles are separately installed on the two ends of the support shaft plate, and the limiting baffles are connected on the outerwall of the transmission rotating shaft in a clamped mode; and a automobile chassis is arranged above the support shaft plate in parallel. 
According to the shock absorption chassis for the new energyfour-wheel drive automobile, a principle that same magnetic poles of neodymium magnets repel each other and the mutual cooperation with elastic action of a buffer elastic piece are utilized to realize shock absorption of the automobile chassis, reduce the fatigue of the buffer elastic piece and prolong the service life of the buffer elastic piece, 
and even if the buffer elastic piece is weakenedor broken due to metal fatigue, the shock absorption of the automobile chassis can still be realized under the limit of a first hydraulic telescopic rod because of the always existing of the magnetismof the neodymium magnet, 
so that the driving feeling of a driver to a automobile and the driving safety are ensured.
The utility model discloses a new forms of energy electric automobile lithium cell, including shell body and apron, the apron sets up at the middle part on shell body top, and the middle part of shellbody both sides is the fixed filter screen that is equipped with all, 
the equal fixedly connected with block frame of periphery of shell body both sides, and the peripherys of inboard and the shell body both sides of block frame are all fixed to be equipped with sealed the pad, 
and the block is connected with the heat -insulating shield in the draw -in groove of block frame, and the inside fixedmounting of shell body has lithium battery shell body.
The utility model discloses a filter screen that the both sides of shell body were equipped with, can accelerate inside thermal the giving off ofshell body, the heat -sinking capability of lithium cell has been improved, the block frame that both sides through the shell body were equipped with, can connect the heat -insulating shield by the block, 
cause the influence when completely cutting off external temperature in chilly winter and hot summer to the lithium cell, damage the lithium cell, the sealed pad that while block frame inboard was equipped with, 
the gas tightness of heat -insulating shield has been improved, prevent that the outside air from seeing through the inside that the heat -insulating shield got into the shell body.
The invention relates to the field of new energy vehicle charging systems, in particular to an under-voltage preventing system and method of a new energy vehicle low-voltage storage battery.
The system comprises a battery management system, a vehicle controller, a DC-DC converter, a low-voltage storage battery and a power battery, and is characterized in that the battery management system starts the DC-DC converter to supply power to the low-voltage storage battery when the power battery is in a quick-charging state.
When the new energy vehicle enters the quick-charging state, the low-voltagestorage battery cannot be charged, the under-voltage of the low-voltage storage battery is caused due to the continuous power consumption of the battery management system and other low-voltage loads,and finally the vehicle cannot be normally started. 
After it is detected that the power battery enters the quick-charging state, the low-voltage storage battery is charged by turning on the DC-DC converter, 
on one hand, the under-voltage problem of the low-voltage storage battery is solved, and on the other hand, the under-voltage preventing system can adapt to charging piles of different brands since no auxiliary power supply is needed.
The invention discloses an intelligent charging control method for a new energy vehicle with a vehicle-mounted charging system.
The intelligent charging control method for the new energy vehicle with the vehicle-mounted charging system comprises a power generation system starting control method and a generated output control method, wherein the generated output control method is divided into normal condition, electricity consumption peak-period and vehicle starting acceleration.
According to the intelligent charging control method for the new energy vehicle with the vehicle-mounted charging system,
the generated output is adjusted intelligently by pre-judging the electricity demand of the vehicle and the dynamic performance of a current power battery, control over large multiplying power discharging and large current pulse charging of the power battery is achieved, 
the requirements for large multiplying power charging and discharging of the power battery is balanced, the calorific value of the power battery is decreased, the service life of the power battery is prolonged, and the use cost of the power battery is reduced.
The invention discloses a photovoltaic charging device for a new energy automobile and a charging method thereof. The photovoltaic charging device for the new energy automobile comprises a solar charging unit which is arranged on a photovoltaic carport; 
solar energy is converted into electric energy to charge the electric automobile; solar energy does not pollute environment, environmental pollution is reduced, a photovoltaic energy storage unit is arranged to serve as standby electric energy; 
in order to improve standby electric energy and achieve normal charging work under the condition thatno sun exists in cloudy days, rainy days and the like, 
an electric vehicle is automatically transported into a photovoltaic vehicle shed through a vehicle moving device, the automation level of the photovoltaic charging device is improved, unstable influences brought by parking of a driver are further reduced, and dangers are reduced.
The invention relates to the technical field of new energy resource automobile charging stations, in particular to a new energy resource automatic-charging station for an autonomous vehicle. 
The new energy resource automatic-charging station comprises a charging pile, a destruction-preventing mechanism, a collecting mechanism, a charging head, a control mechanism, a cooling mechanism and a telescoping mechanism, 
wherein the destruction-preventing mechanism is arranged at an opening of the charging pile and can effectively prevent internal devices of the charging pile from being destroyed maliciously.
A user can open the destruction-preventing mechanism to perform charging by inserting an IC card.
After the preventing mechanism is opened, a telescopic column in the telescoping mechanism canbe controlled to telescope for fixed length through the control mechanism, a charging head is delivered out to facilitate charging, and the charging station is more intelligentized.
The collecting mechanism is arranged at the top of the charging pile and can effectively collect rainwater and store the rainwater in a water storage cavity of the charging pile.
It is achieved that the collected water flows into the cooling mechanism to promote cooling of the whole device, and the performance is improved.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile's lithium cell continuation of journey device, which comprises a motor, the carousel, battery case, the lithium cell, the lid, termination, the motor is fixed mutually with car body, 
the electric machine control carousel is rotatory, the carousel welding has battery case, the inside lithium cell of having placed of battery case, battery case is provided with the lid, it is fixed through the buckle cooperation, be provided with the lithium cell adapter on the lid, 
the lid top is provided with termination, termination includes the power connection board, memory device, the fixed mounting board, the guide pillar, the pneumatic cylinder, a butt joint that is used for vapour vehicle power supply line and the positive negative pole of lithium cell, by hydraulic control.
It is stable rapidly that the lithium cell is changed to this continuation of the journey device, and degree of automation is high, need not artifical supplementary installation, labour saving and time saving, 
and in -process that the lithium cell was changed need not to stop and to accomplish the change, does not influence the continuity that the automobile on the way was gone, and the continuation of the journey mileage of new forms of energy electric motor car can reach original three times.
The invention discloses a range extender for a new energy automobile, belongs to the technical field of new energy automobiles, and aims to provide the range extender capable of prolonging the travelof the new energy automobile.
The technical scheme is characterized by comprising a power generation unit and a range extender control system, the power generation unit comprises an engine, a fuel system and a permanent magnet synchronous generator; 
a driving shaft of the engine is connected with the permanent magnet synchronous generator; the permanent magnet synchronous generator is externally connected with a battery pack of a vehicle and is connected with a motor of the vehicle in parallel.
The range extender solves the problems that the endurance capacity of an original new energy automobile battery is limited, the charging is troublesome, the distribution of the charging pile is limited, the stroke needs to be increased in special circumstances while the battery life is not enough tosupplement and emergency response cannot be realized after the battery is damaged, and the like.
The range extender for the new energy automobile and the control method thereof disclose a control method of the range extender, and belong to the technical field of the new energy automobiles.
The invention relates to a power device of new solar-hydrogen energy applied to a rape harvester and belongs to the technical field of the application of new energies.
A new solar-hydrogen energy device and a rape harvesting device are connected to form an electric rape harvester adopting the new solar-hydrogen energy.
Sunlight irradiates a solar energy cell to generate electric current which is input to an electrolytic hydrogen producing device to produce hydrogen; the hydrogen is input to a manufacturing workshop of a hydrogen fuel storage container through a hydrogen delivering pipe; 
the hydrogen fuel storage container is put in the electric rape harvester; the hydrogen fuel output from the hydrogen fuel storage container is input into a hydrogen fuel cell through a hydrogen fuel delivering pipe, and electrical energy is efficiently released through electrochemical reaction; 
the electric current is input into an electric motor, and is converted into mechanical energy in the electric motor; 
and the movement of a special rape cutting table, a reel, a seed-available rape straw conveying device, a threshing roller, a rape seed separating sieve, a rape seed cleaning device, a front traveling wheel and a rear traveling wheel is driven through a mechanical transmission device; 
and therefore, the harvesting and threshing operations of rape are completed.
The utility model discloses a rear box body of a tipping bucket type new energy tricycle. The utility model discloses a tipping bucket type rear box body and belongs to the technical field of electro-tricycles. The utility model aims to provide a rear box body capable of being overturned and fixed. 
According to the technical scheme, the bicycle comprises a rear frame and a rear box body arranged at the upper end of the rear frame, a supporting rod is hinged to the bottom of the rear box body, a stop block is arranged at the end, hinged to the bottom of the rear box body, of the supporting rod,
the upper end of the stop block and the bottom of the rear box body are fixedly arranged, a clamping groove is formed in the upper end of the rear frame, a clamping rod is fixedly arranged at the other end of the supporting rod, and the clamping rod is arranged in the clamping groove; 
a connecting rod is further hinged to the bottom of the rear frame, a connecting groove is further formed in theupper end of the rear frame, and the other end of the connecting rod is hinged to the inner wall of the connecting groove; 
the utility model provides a tipping bucket type rear box body of a new energy tricycle. The tipping bucket type rear box body of the new energy tricycle can be turned over and fixed quickly, conveniently and effectively.
The invention relates to the technical field of new energy vehicle transmission systems, in particular to a new energy automobile two-in-one power assembly.
The new energy automobile two-in-one powerassembly comprises a motor shell and a speed reducer shell. A motor is arranged in the motor shell, the end, located in the speed reducer shell, of a main shaft of the motor is provided with a sun gear, 
a ring gear and multiple duplex planet gears are arranged in the speed reducer shell, each duplex planet gear comprises a large planet gear and a small planet gear, each large planet gear and the corresponding small planet gear are connected through a connecting shaft, 
the small planet gears are engaged with the ring gear, the large planet gears are engaged with the sun gear, a differential mechanism shell is arranged in the speed reducer shell, a planet axle is arranged in the differential mechanism shell, and auxiliary planet gears are arranged on the two sides of the planet axle.
The two-in-one power assembly is small in size, and a motor power output shaft and a speed reducer power output shaft can be coaxially arranged.
The utility model discloses fan cooler of new energy automobile lithium ion battery system, including fixed plate, face, first air intake, second air intake, third air intake, fourth air intake, air outlet, 
the surface of fixed plate is equipped with the face, the surface of face sets up first air intake, second air intake, third air intake, fourth air intake respectively, 
first air intake, secondair intake, third air intake, fourth air intake all with face fixed connection, 
the inboard fixed air outlet that is provided with of first air intake, second air intake, third air intake, fourth airintake, 
this fan cooler of new energy automobile lithium ion battery system, accessible set up first air intake, second air intake, third air intake, fourth air intake, 
and gas flow speed in the boxis convenient for increase by air outlet that fit dimension is slightly big, and better than current radiating effect, simple structure easily realizes.
The invention discloses a new energy vehicle battery box and particularly relates to the technical field of new energy. The new energy vehicle battery box includes a box body. A plurality of buffer layers are disposed on the internal bottom of the box body. 
Vertical separating plates are disposed between the buffer layers. A support plate is fixedly connected to the tops of the buffer layers. A first baffle is slidably connected to a side of the top of the support plate close to the box body. 
A second baffle is slidably connected to a side of the top of the support plate close to the verticalseparating plates. The opposite sides of the first baffle and the second baffle are fixedly connected to a stopping post.
The stopping post is in contact with and fixes a new energy battery so as to reduce the contact area with the battery and contribute to the heat dissipation of the new energy battery. 
When the battery is impacted in the horizontal direction, the new energy battery pushes the second baffle so as to driving the second baffle to push the spring, and the spring effectively weaken the impact on the battery in the horizontal direction.
The utility model provides a battery box mounting structure of new forms of energy motor bus, its the inconvenient problem of battery box installation that can solve current new forms of energy motorbus.
Set firmly a sliding rail set spare on the battery box mounted position of new forms of energy motor bus, smooth track groove is installed to the left and right sides of waiting to install the bottom surface of battery box symmetry respectively, waits to install two smooth track grooves and the installation of sliding rail set spare sliding fit of battery box.
The invention discloses a multifunctional new energy automobile charging pile, which comprises a charging box and a telegraph pole connecting post, wherein the bottom end of the telegraph pole connecting post is fixedly connected with the top of the charging box; 
the surface of the charging box is fixedly connected with an IC (Identity Circuit) card inductor; one side of the charging box is fixedly connected with a charging wire; 
one end of the charging wire is fixedly connected with a charging plug; and the top of one side of the charging box is fixedly connected with a connection frame.
Themultifunctional new energy automobile charging pile relates to the technical field of automobile charging and is characterized in that the charging plug is stored in the connection frame, so that thecharging plug is favorably protected, meanwhile, potential safety hazards caused since people without fixed duties touch the charging plug are avoided, 
only the IC card needs to be screened when a user uses the charging pile, a charging head can be automatically popped out, and the charging pile is very convenient in use.
 The charging pile can be installed on the side of a road, the moving new energy automobile with an electricity shortage can be charged in time, and meanwhile, an illumination effect is good.
The invention discloses an adjustable new energy solar power generation device. The device comprises a photovoltaic component, a rotating component and an installation adjusting mechanism. The rotating component where a lower end of the photovoltaic component can be placed is fixed on an installation surface through a bolt. 
The installation adjusting mechanism is located at a bottom of an upper end of the photovoltaic component. An adjusting component, an air cylinder and a placing plate are included. A support is fixed under an upper end of the photovoltaic component through the bolt, the aircylinder is fixed to an upper surface of the support, 
a placing plate is detachably installed on a top of the photovoltaic component, a sliding plate is fixed to a lower surface, a sliding groove isarranged in a lower surface of the sliding plate, and one end of the adjusting component is installed on a piston rod in the air cylinder. 
Through arranging the installation adjusting mechanism, stable installation of the photovoltaic module can be achieved, an inclination angle of the photovoltaic module 1 can be adjusted conveniently according to a situation, the photovoltaic module 1 can receive light better, 
an influence of the improper inclination angle on new energy solar power generation is reduced, operation is easy, and usage is convenient.
The utility model discloses a new forms of energy electric automobile with glass shelters from device, including the automobile body, front window glass, rear window glass, the door, be provided with the door window of taking glass on the door, 
at front window glass, it shelters from the device to be provided with glass respectively on the automobile body of the rear window glass and the door window top of taking glass, glass shelters from the device and includes a cavity, and a control syste, be provided with the pivot in the cavity, 
the inside motor that is provided with of pivot, a roll curtain has been cup jointed to the pivot outside, 
the motor passes through control system and links to each other with the inside switch of automobile body, still be provided with the buckle on the automobile body of front window glass and rear window glass below, it still is provided with the buckle on the door of glass's door window below to take.
The utility model has the advantages of being simple in structure and convenient in operation, meet the preheating time that the sleet angel time spent can not only save new forms of energy electric automobile winter and can also reduce its power consumption, make the ice and snow on the glass clear away fast.
The invention relates to a simulation environment test device for a new energy solar module. The simulation environment test device comprises a base and a test box, wherein the base is internally provided with a water tank, a waste water tank and a storage battery, the top part of the test box is provided with a spraying device and an atomizing device, 
the left side wall of the test box is provided with a dust generation device, the right side wall of the test box is provided with a salt mist generation device, a heating device and a refrigerating device are arranged in the test box, the spraying device and the atomizing device are communicated with the water tank,
a solar panel wiring terminal and a storage battery wiring terminal are arranged on a mounting base, the solar panel wiring terminal and the storage battery wiring terminal are connected by means of a lead wire, and the storage battery wiring terminal is connected with the storage battery by means of a lead wire.
The simulation environment test device for the new energy solar module has the advantages of simple structure and convenient operation, can simulate the detection of performances of the solar module and whetherthe working performance meet the standard under various environments, improves the product quality, and is beneficial to the development of the industry.
The invention discloses a wind-hydrogen new energy pulverizer comprising a pulverizing bin and a wind driven electric generator. The wind driven electric generator is evenly equipped with a pluralityof blades, the bottom end of the wind driven electric generator is equipped with a hollow support rod, 
the interior of the hollow support rod is equipped with a wire, one end of the wire is connectedwith the wind driven electric generator, and the other end of the wire is equipped with a water-electrolytic hydrogen making device; the upper part of the water-electrolytic hydrogen making device isprovided with a first hydrogen conveying pipe, 
and the other end of the first hydrogen conveying pipe is connected with a workshop where hydrogen fuel storage containers are manufactured. The workshopwhere the hydrogen fuel storage containers are manufactured is internally provided with a number of hydrogen fuel storage containers. 
One side of the top end of the pulverizing bin is provided with afirst support rack, and one side, far away from the center of the pulverizing bin, of the top end of the first support rack is provided with the hydrogen fuel storage containers.
The wind-hydrogen new energy pulverizer has the beneficial effects that inexhaustible wind energy is transformed into new energy hydrogen energy which can provide stable energy, the process does not produce any pollutants, not only are normal production and life ensured, but also the ecological environment is protected and sustainable development is achieved.
The utility model discloses a new forms of energy electric automobile rifle that charges, including charging rifle body, terminal, micro -gap switch and mechanical locking plate, 
this new energy automobile locks through mechanical locking plate remote site with the rifle that charges, can prevent to misread the lock, has improved the reliability of charging process, 
the cable passes from the rifle body the inside of charging, and rifle wholeness and waterproof nature has physically been guaranteed with mechanical locking plate and the direct grasping of button in the outside, 
the centre is oblique ascending cable passage, is favorable to the cable to distribute, has also ensured the security of cable, 
the terminal adopts copper silver -plated structure, makes the hardness of terminal and circular telegram nature all obtain the assurance, and is insulating effectual, 
the charge efficiency and the security that have improved the rifle that charges, has simple structure, security height, the advantage that charge efficiency is high.
The utility model relates to an intelligence new energy automobile with solar energy power generation function, including automobile body and the solar cell panel who sets up at the automobile body top, clean mechanism and sheltering from the mechanism, 
clean mechanism includes casing, displacement assembly and clean subassembly, and displacement assembly includes first motor, first lead screw, displacement piece and first cylinder, 
and the cleanness subassembly includes connecting rod, first pivot, second motor and scraper blade, shelters from the mechanism and includes second pivot, third motor and sunshade.
This intelligence new energy automobile with solar energy power generation function, its distinctive clean mechanism can rinse solar cell panel, keeps solar cell panel's cleanlinessfactor to this guarantees the generating efficiency. The distinctive mechanism of sheltering from can shelter from solar cell panel under the unglazed condition of shining, prevents that debris from dropping on on the solar cell panel.
It can also effectively utilize wind power generation to shelter from the wind power generation assembly who is equipped with in the mechanism.
The invention discloses a new energy automobile battery with a high heat dissipation effect. The new energy automobile battery comprises a shell; the top and the bottom of the shell are fixedly connected with a first connecting block and a second connecting block respectively; 
the front surface of the shell is movably connected with a cover plate; the top and the bottom of the cover plate are fixedly connected with fixed blocks respectively; and the front surfaces of the first connecting block and the second connecting block are fixedly connected with fixed rods.
By virtue of matched use of afixed frame, a storage battery, a fixed plate, a motor, fan blades, heat dissipation holes, a water pump, a water storage box, a screen plate, a connecting pipe, a water level sensor, a water inlet pipe, a valve, a temperature sensor and a display, 
the new energy automobile battery can be high in the heat dissipation effect; and the heat generated in the charging-discharging use process of the newenergy automobile battery can be dissipated efficiently, 
so that uneven heat accumulation caused by an overhigh temperature can be avoided, influence to the performance, the service life and the charging-discharging efficiency of the battery can be eliminated, and use by people can be facilitated.
The utility model relates to a new forms of energy power generation system technical field, especially a concentrate formula that is incorporated into power networks intelligence new forms of energy power generation system.
It includes distant place centralized monitoring system, intelligent integrated information processing and command system, power station integrated automation monitored controlsystem, electrical power generating system, power prediction system, telecontrol system and power grid dispatching automation system, 
distant place centralized monitoring system wherein, intelligentintegrated information processing and command system, power station integrated automation monitored control system and electrical power generating system electricity in order connect, 
power predictionsystem and the equal electricity of power grid dispatching automation system are connected in intelligent integrated information processing and command system, power station integrated automation monitored control system still electricity is connected with telecontrol system.
The utility model discloses can improve the intelligent operation degree in the power station, can realize the electricitygeneration and the interdynamic of power consumption, can optimize power station generated output, reduce operation maintainer cost, the clean energy's that avoids to regenerate waste.
The utility model discloses a lithium battery mounting structure for a new energy automobile. The radiator comprises a top plate, radiating fins and a top cover, the partition plate and the mounting module are arranged; meanwhile, the mounting module and the partition plate are positioned on the same axis; 
the partition plate is detachably connected with the mounting box body through a nut; the lithium battery mounting structure solves the problems that a lithium battery of an existing lithium battery mounting structure for the new energy automobile works for a long time; 
the problems that in the prior art, a lithium battery easily influences an adjacent lithium battery, in the installation process of the lithium battery, part of workpieces of the equipment are prone to being damaged due to the too large weight, 
the heat dissipation capacity is not high, a machine body easily generates a large amount of heat after long-time work, and long-term use is not facilitated are solved.
The invention discloses a new energy automobile battery encapsulating material and a preparation method thereof, and belongs to the technical field of cable material preparation.
The new energy automobile battery encapsulating material is prepared from modified epoxy resin, vinyl-terminated silicone oil, hydrogen containing silicone oil, aluminum oxide, a single-platinum catalyst, a halogen-free flame retardant, white carbon black, 
hexamethyldisilazane, a peroxide vulcanization agent and an activated diluent RZ1021. 
The new energy automobile battery encapsulating material is prepared by preparing a base material, a material I and a material II and mixing the mixing I, the material II and the base material.
The prepared new energy automobile battery encapsulating material has excellent lowtemperature-high temperature impact performance.
The utility model relates to a new energy automobile with safe driving function is equipped with the seat in the automobile body, be equipped with vibrations subassembly, determine module in the seat,
control mechanism includes steering wheel and pivot, be equipped with the adjustment subassembly in the pivot, the both sides of automobile body are equipped with anti -collision assembly, 
determinemodule includes heartbeat detection ware and detecting element, and the vibrations subassembly includes first motor, half gear, strip gear, drive frame, connecting rod and hammer, 
anti -collision assembly includes the casing, infrared light emitting diode of second and the 2nd photosensitive sensor, 
whether the heartbeat that this new energy automobile with safe driving function passes through determine module detection driver becomes slow, whether the head that perhaps detects the driver hangs low, it is that the driver has dozed off just possibly to satisfy these two kinds of circumstances simultaneously, awaken the driver through percussion mechanism and bee calling organ, 
anti -collision assembly detects the distance between automobile body and the both sides barrier, when the distanceis very near, travel direction through adjustment subassembly adjustment vehicle.
The invention relates to an intelligent type new energy advertising street lamp. The intelligent type new energy advertising street lamp has the characteristics that an intelligent crystalline silicon photovoltaic power generating assembly or an intelligent wind driven generator are arranged at the top end of a lamp rod; an intelligent thin film photovoltaic power generating assembly is arranged at the upper part of the lamp rod; 
an intelligent advertisement carrier is arranged at the lower part of the lamp rod; an optical fibre metering communication module and various parts of the street lamp are combined and form a street lamp metering communication network through a plastic optical fibre; 
the network optical fibre metering communication module exchanges acquired street lamp electric energy metering information and working condition information with optical fibre metering communication modules of nearby street lamps, or summarizes and uploads the acquired street lamp electric energy metering information and the working condition information to a master station through a wireless or Bluetooth technology.
The intelligent type new energy advertising street lamp is reasonable in structure, and attractive in appearance.
The design of an advertising lamp box develops a new way for the application of the new energy street lamp, and meanwhile, the near-ground illumination is also improved.
The intelligent type new energy advertising street lamp also provides the working condition information, including the electric energy metering information, for a street lamp management department, and provides a technical means for real-time control and scientific management of the new energy street lamp.
The invention discloses new energy chemical fuel. The new energy fuel comprises the following raw materials in parts by weight: 16 to 19 parts of aluminum ore powder, 3 to 7 parts of methyl tertiary butyl ether, 2 to 5 parts of an emulsifier, 
4 to 9 parts of naphtha, 9 to 12 parts of tributyl phosphate, 7 to 9 parts of a cosolvent, 5 to 8 parts of isobutyl alcohol and 6 to 8 parts of isopropyl alcohol.
The new energy chemical fuel disclosed by the invention has the characteristics of safety and environmental protection, readily available raw materials, simple preparation flow, replaceable conventional fuel, low corrosiveness, small environmental pollution and the like, 
thereby being the new environment-friendly and resource-saving energy fuel.
The invention relates to a new energy vehicle navigation system having a clear display function and convenient to operate. The new energy vehicle navigation system having the clear display function and convenient to operate comprises a main body, a mounting plate, a moving mechanism and a cleaning mechanism; a camera and a touch screen are arranged on the main body; 
the moving mechanism comprisestwo moving assemblies; the moving assemblies comprise driving units and telescopic units; the telescopic units comprise telescopic frames, hinging blocks and sliding blocks; the cleaning mechanism comprises a cleaning box, a cleaning assembly and two mounting assemblies; 
the cleaning assembly comprises a cleaning strip, a press plate and a plurality of springs; and each mounting assembly comprisesa fixed plate, a translation unit and two fixing units. 
According to the new energy vehicle navigation system having the clear display function and convenient to operate, the main body is driven to move by using the moving mechanism so that the camera detects a human face; 
and therefore, the distance between a driver and the touch screen is reduced to make operation to be convenient; 
and moreover, the touch screen is automatically cleaned by using the cleaning mechanism in the main body moving process so that the surface of the touch screen is made clean again to be convenient for the driverto observe; and therefore, the practicability of the system is improved.
A new energy automobile electric motor rotor structure, be equipped with and lead oil column, subtract vibrating plate and sound -proof housing, can improve its original structure for the injection of lubricating oil is more convenient, 
increases electric motor rotor's the damping performance and the effect that gives sound insulation, brings better use prospect.
The invention relates to the technical field of automobile manufacturing equipment, and discloses a positioning processing device for new energy vehicle production. The positioning processing device comprises a base. Support rods are fixedly installed at four corners of the top of the base respectively. 
A top plate is fixedly installed on the tops of the four support rods. 
Two support blocks are fixedly installed on the top of the base and distributed at the two ends of the top of the base. Connecting rods are fixedly installed on the tops of the support blocks.
Clamping pieces and connectingpieces are driven by fixed pneumatic cylinders to make contact with each other, and therefore a high-frequency steel pipe is fixed, and the effect of positioning is achieved. 
Clamping plates and arc blocks are driven by a movable pneumatic rod to make contact with each other. A movable gear and a connecting gear are driven by a transmission motor to make a threaded rod rotate and a sliding block move, 
a fixing rod and the arc blocks are driven to move, the high-frequency steel pipe is then driven to move, and therefore the effect of moving is achieved.
The utility model relates to a new energy automobile fills the electric pile field, especially relates to a new energy automobile of protection against electric shock fills electric pile.
Its technical scheme does: a new energy automobile of protection against electric shock fills electric pile, is including filling the electric pile main part, fills to be connected with the charging plug in the electric pile main part, being connected with the mounting bracket on filling the electric pile main part, installing actuating mechanism on the mounting bracket, 
actuating mechanism's output is connected with rack and pinion mechanism, and the other end of rack and pinion mechanism is connected with the lifter, and cylinder, the piston rod and the charging plug fixed connection of cylinder are installed to the other end of lifter.
The utility model provides a can automatic plug fill electric pile with the new energy automobile who avoids human electric shock, solve current new energy automobile and need hand the problem that the rifle body charges and leads to human electric shock.
The utility model relates to a battery box for new energy automobile has a shock -absorbing function, the power distribution box comprises a box body, buffer gear and central control machine construct, 
buffer gear includes first buffer block, first buffer beam, first guide rail and spring, the both ends of first buffer beam still are equipped with the 2nd buffer set spare, 
the 2nd buffer set spareincludes the second guide rail, first sliding block, first connecting rod, fixing support, second connecting rod and second buffer unit, 
the second buffer unit includes the second sliding shoe, the third guide rail, second buffer beam and second buffer block, speech control module includes voice control circuit, 
among this a battery box for new energy automobile has a shock -absorbing function, can realize the reliable buffering shock attenuation to the battery through buffer gear, thereby the reliability of battery box has been improved, 
moreover, through voice control circuit can realize tothe battery box under the abnormal conditions, carrying out reliably reporting to the police effectively the suggestion, improved the reliability of battery box.
The invention discloses a cooling device for a new energy automobile storage battery. The cooling device comprises a storage battery box, wherein installation plates are fixedly connected to the bottoms of two sides of the storage battery box, i
nstallation holes are formed in the tops of the installation plates, an upper cover is clamped to the top of the storage battery box, a positive electrodeis fixedly connected to a left side of the top of the upper cover, and a negative electrode is fixedly connected to a right side of the top of the upper cover.
By arrangement and mutual matching of atemperature sensor, a box body, a processor, an exhaust fan, an exhaust pipe, a connection pipe, a vertical pipe, an air outlet pipe, a fixed block, a dust prevention plate, a buckle and a support, the advantage of good cooling effect is achieved, 
the problem of poor cooling effect of a traditional new energy automobile storage battery to cause that the new energy automobile storage battery is easy to damage by burning is solved, 
so that the new energy automobile storage battery cannot be burnt during application, the service lifetime of the new energy automobile storage battery is prolonged,and the practicability of the new energy automobile storage battery is improved.
The invention discloses a new energy automobile anti-collision device. The anti-collision device comprises an automobile chassis, a first detecting device is mounted at the front side of the automobile chassis, a second detecting device is mounted at the rear side of the automobile chassis, 
the automobile chassis is rotatably connected with connecting bases through rotating mechanisms, and anti-collision barrels are clamped to the connecting bases through clamping mechanisms. 
According to the anti-collision device, dynamic and static objects in the traveling direction of an automobile are detected by the first detecting device and the second detecting device, the detected information is transmitted to an open source single-chip computer, 
the open source single-chip computer analyzes and processes the information, the automobile is controlled to perform deceleration, braking, parking and other actions when it is determined that there is a danger, 
the intelligent degree is high, the usesafety of the anti-collision device is greatly improved, 
the anti-collision barrels are rotated through the rotating mechanisms when automobiles collide to decompose the impact force, and anti-collision measures are in place to meet the use requirements.
The invention relates to the technical field of new energy vehicles, and particularly relates to a window cleaning system inside a new energy vehicle, which comprises window glass, a glass trough, door, Window cleaning mechanism and fixing block, 
the window glass is slidably connected in the glass slot, The glass trough is located in the middle of the door, A window cleaning mechanism is arrangedin the door, the window cleaning mechanism is fixedly installed at the upper end of the glass groove, 
the two sides are fixedly connected in the door through fixing blocks, the window cleaning mechanism is sleeved on the outside of the window glass, 
and both sides of the window glass are in sliding contact with the window cleaning mechanism. The window cleaning mechanism comprises a return mould frame, a rotary table, a strip groove, a slider, a cleaning block, a driving motor and a cleaning nozzle. 
The middle parts of the front and rear sides of the return mould frame are rotatably connectedwith the rotary table, and the front and rear sides of the return mould frame and the upper and lower ends of the rotary table are symmetrically provided with strip grooves. 
By adding the motor and cleaning module to achieve automatic cleaning, not only can save manpower but also does not affect the normal use of the window.
The invention relates to an electric rice cooker using a new light, wind and hydrogen energy system as a power supply, and belongs to the technical field of new energy application.
A hydrogen fuel cell, a wind power generation system and a photovoltaic power generation system generate a current during power generation respectively, and the three currents are converged into a higher current through a conductive wire, a diode and a power conversion junction station.
After the higher current is regulated through a controller, the direct current is converted into alternating current through an inverter, the alternating current is input to an electric heating tray inside the electric rice cooker through a switch of the electric rice cooker, 
the electrical energy is converted into heat energy in the electric heating tray, and the heat of the electric heating tray is transferred and radiated, so that heat for heating the food placed in the cooker is increased in the inner pot of the electric rice cooker.
A temperature control device controls the temperature of the electric heating tray for heating the food in the inner pot of the electric rice cooker.
The invention discloses a light-emitting diode (LED) automobile light for a new energy automobile. The LED automobile light for the new energy automobile comprises an installation base and a spring, wherein a storage battery is fixedly connected to the left side of an inner cavity of the installation base; a total aluminum base is fixedly connected to the right side of the storage battery; 
a totalaluminum heat radiator is arranged in an inner cavity of the total aluminum base; a luminous body installing plate is fixedly connected to the right side of the total aluminum base; and reflector bowls are fixedly connected to the top part and the bottom part of the luminous body installing plate.
According to the LED automobile light for the new energy automobile provided by the invention, by arranging the installation base, the storage battery, the total aluminum base, the total aluminum heat radiator, the luminous body installing plate, the reflector bowls, an ETI luminous chip, a light pole, a ventilation hole and a heat radiator, the LED automobile light for the new energy automobile is jointly built; 
through the ventilation hole and the heat radiator, the LED light can be cooled, sothat a heat-radiating effect of the LED light is improved; and through the cooperation of the structures, the aim of good heat-radiating effect is achieved, 
and the problem that the heat-radiating effect is poor since an auto head lamp adopts a sealing method and heat is naturally cooled by the lamp body is solved.
The utility model provides a seat section of thick bamboo that new energy automobile used, new energy automobile have seat and a battery, establish the upper cover on the base including base and lid,the base includes shell and two support piece, 
and the inside cavity of shell forms the appearance chamber that is used for the holding battery and the upper shed of shell is equipped with the manualbrake supporting part, and this manual brake supporting part will hold the chamber and separate into first appearance chamber and hold the chamber with the second, 
and two support piece set up separately in base front and back both sides, and each support piece includes a horizon bar and two vertical poles, and the upper cover is corresponding the manual brake supporting part sets up the manual brake hole of stepping down, 
and the manual brake is stepped down the hole and is established and divide into first lid and second lid at the upper cover with the upper cover, and the upper surface of first lid and second lid is equipped with the gliding sliding tray of abutment chair respectively, and the sliding tray extends along the fore -and -aft direction of upper cover and sets up.
This neotype base both designs the make full use of space and has settled the battery, has ensured the structural strength of a seat section of thick bamboo simultaneously, and overall structure is succinct, compact, stability is good, sets up upper cover be convenient for battery installation and maintenance simultaneously.
The utility model discloses a new energy batteries module, new energy batteries module including three strings of areas from the fusing protection, its characterized in that, three strings of areas include from the new energy batteries module of fusing protection: 
the setting is in the three strings of electric cores of area in the new energy batteries module of fusing protection, all there is thesupport at the both ends of electricity core, and the support has set up open top, bottom louvre, 
all there is the busbar on the both sides of support, and the concatenation is in the same place withthe support, one side of busbar adds the hotting mask, directly pastes on the busbar through the gum, 
the shell of battery module is two apron, the utility model discloses novel structure, the equipment is convenient, has prolonged module life, and good heat dissipation has from fusing protect function, has satisfied the operation requirement.
The invention discloses a new energy vehicle sensor convenient to install. The new energy vehicle sensor comprises a first housing, a second housing and a bottom plate. The left side and the right side of the bottom of the first housing are respectively provided with a connecting groove; 
one side of the inner surface of each connecting groove is fixedly connected with a connecting sleeve; the inner surface of each connecting sleeve is rotatably connected with a first screw rod; and the outer surface of the first screw rod is fixedly connected with a first bevel gear.
The invention relates to the technical field of sensors. According to the new energy vehicle sensor convenient to install, the first bevel gear can be driven to rotate through cooperation between rotating teeth and a rotatingcolumn; 
the first screw rod can be driven to rotate through cooperation between the first bevel gear and a second bevel gear; 
the second screw rod can be driven to rotate to make the second screw rodmatched with a threaded groove, and the first housing can be clamped to the second housing, so that the sensor body can be protected in the first housing and the second housing; 
and the new energy vehicle sensor is relatively simple to use and is convenient to install.
The invention discloses a new energy charging device convenient to fix. The new energy charging device comprises a charging pile body, wherein a base is arranged at the bottom of the charging pile body, 
fixing blocks are symmetrically fixed on the surface of the base, connecting parts are symmetrically fixed on two sides of the charging pile body, 
limiting grooves are formed in end parts of the fixing blocks, limiting blocks are fixed at the bottoms of the connecting parts and are in clamped connection with the limiting grooves, 
screw holes are symmetrically formed in the positions, opposite to the bottoms of the connecting parts, of two sides of the charging pile body, and bolts sequentially penetrating through insides of the limiting grooves and the limiting blocks to be connected with the screw holes are arranged on surfaces of the fixing blocks. 
By means of the designed base, the new energy charging pile can be conveniently and rapidly mounted on the base through the designed fixing blocks, connecting parts, limiting grooves, limiting blocks, screw holes and bolts when needing to be mounted, 
and compared with the prior art, later fixation and disassembly work of the new energycharging pile is greatly convenient.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile wind channel cooling device, including chassis, filter mantle, aerogenerator, bottom disk upper surface sets up circular water tank, 
the inside device that generates heat that sets up of circular water tank, set up the tuber pipe in the circular water tank, 
the circular water tank upper surface sets up the pressure control component, the circularwater tank upper surface is adjacent pressure control component one side sets up the water injection head, the inside fin that sets up of tuber pipe, tuber pipe one end sets up the filter mantle, 
thetuber pipe other end sets up aerogenerator, circular water tank is close to filter mantle one end sets up preceding heat -conducting plate, 
circular water tank is close to aerogenerator one side setsup back heat -conducting plate beneficial effect and lies in: the utility model discloses can realize energy -efficient for the new energy automobile cooling, green clean, small in noise, the simpleeasy maintenance of device, the automatic control dynamics of cool down, reduction water waste.
The utility model provides a new forms of energy solar cell panel relates to the new forms of energy field.
This new forms of energy solar cell panel, including the panel plate body, the outside of panel plate body is provided with rectangular frame, rectangular frame's inner wall and panel plate body fixed connection, 
rectangular frame's top fixedly connected with joint round pin, the joint groove has been seted up to rectangular frame's bottom, 
rectangular frame's inner wall right side lies in the rear fixedly connected with sleeve pipe of panel plate body, the spacing groove has been offered to the sheathed tube surface.
This new forms of energy solar cell panel is connected with the playback spring between knob and the sleeve pipe, the spacing groove has been offered to the sheathed tube surface, and the spacing groove is L shape, 
and the spacer pin that the outer fixed surface of connecting rod connects can move about in the spacing groove and be spacing, can realize the quick fixed butt joint between board and the board, makes solar cell panel's concatenation efficiency higher and stable better, has effectively improved solar cell panel's concatenation efficiency.
The utility model relates to a new energy automobile with high duration, including automobile body, battery, top shell and solar energy mechanism, to shelter from the mechanism and include first pivot, sunshade and first motor, 
solar energy mechanism includes solar cell panel, second pivot and folding assembly, folding mechanism includes first lead screw, worm wheel, worm, second motor, displacement piece and connecting rod.
Solar cell panel can angle of adjustment under folding assembly's drive among this new energy automobile with high duration, 
and cooperation light sensor can realize according to the illumination angle and adjusts solar cell panel's angle, improves the generating efficiency.
When rainy day or night, in folding assembly can take in first recess with solar cell panel, itcan seal solar cell panel in first recess to shelter from the mechanism, prevented that solar cell panel is contaminated or corrode that solar cell panel can be scrubbed to the clean subassembly thatsets up on sheltering from the mechanism, made its surface cleaning, had further improved the generating efficiency.
The utility model discloses a heat radiator for be used for new energy automobile to fill electric pile, including charging head and air duct, the downside port fixedly connected with gas compartmentof air duct, the thermoscope is installed to the upside of gas compartment, 
the downside fixedly connected with filter screen of gas compartment, condenser is installed to the downside of filter screen, the right side fixedly connected with intake pipe of gas compartment, the last port of air duct is installed and is filled electric pile, 
fill electric pile's lower extreme fixedly connected with heat absorber, heat absorber internally mounted leads magnetron, lead magnetron bottom fixedly connected with battery, 
fill electric pile's right -hand member bottom and install the condenser pipe, thelower extreme fixedly connected with collecting tank of condenser pipe, the support is installed to the left and right sides of collecting tank.
The heat dissipation device structure that this new energy automobile fills electric pile is simple, and work flow is simple and easy, and the performance is better, and is little to the consumption of the energy, can play better radiating effect.
The invention discloses a new energy advertising vehicle with a screen protection and sweeping function and belongs to the technical field of new energy advertising vehicles. The new energy advertising vehicle comprises a new energy advertising vehicle body, a metal protection frame is fixedly connected to the side wall of the front portion of the new energy advertising vehicle body, 
and protection glass is installed on the front surface of the metal protection frame; a screen mounting rack is fixedly connected to the bottom of an inner cavity of the metal protection frame, a display screen isinstalled at the top of the screen mounting rack, 
and a drying fan is installed at the left side of the side wall of the front portion of the new energy advertising vehicle body; a row-shaped dryingpipe is connected to an air outlet of the drying fan, 
two fixing plates are symmetrically and fixedly connected to the side wall of the upper portion of the new energy advertising vehicle body, and areciprocation lead screw penetrates through the portion between the two fixing plates. 
According to the new energy advertising vehicle, the screen can be insulated from the exterior, so that the screen is protected, the screen is more conveniently cleaned and swept, 
a display component of the vehicle can be swept and flushed, and the strength of the vehicle for flushing the display component is greatly improved.
The invention relates to the technical field of new energy and discloses an underground charging pile for a new energy vehicle. The underground charging pile comprises a base. 
Two vertical boxes are fixedly mounted on the two sides of the top of the base and are symmetrical relative to the center of the base, 
a protecting box is fixedly mounted in the middle of the top end of the base, and a fixedbox is fixedly mounted in an inner cavity of the base.
According to the underground charging pile for the new energy vehicle, a first motor works to drive an active gear to rotate, so that rotation of the active gear and passive gears is utilized, and the passive gears rotate to drive movable rods to rotate; 
and by utilizing transmission fit among sleeve wheels, movable shafts and belts, conveying belts drive fixed rods to move up and down, a transverse rod drives a charging box to move up and down, 
and thus the charging box rises from the underground to the ground, so that the area of the part, occupied by the charging pile, of a parking lot is decreased, meanwhile, accidental damage of the charging pile is also avoided, and the practicability and safety of the charging pile are improved.
The two-way whole-circuit electric energy metering instruments are further adopted.
An effective, traceable and reliable technical scheme and method are provided for establishing the metering system meeting national metering laws and regulations in a new energy power generating system, 
and reliable data is also provided for system operation and maintenance, carbon emission and carbon trading.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile's battery seismic isolation device, which comprises an outer shell, the shell is the open casing in upper end, the side evenly distributed of shellhas the louvre, 
the side is equipped with the side channel relatively about the shell, the inboard of shell is equipped with the mounting box, 
this new energy automobile's battery seismic isolation device, moreover, the steam generator is simple in structure, easy installation, mounting box internal fixation battery, elastic connection active absorption vibrations through mounting box and shell, 
the vibrations of vertical orientation are through a damping spring, the 2nd damping spring and damper rod carry out many reabsorption, the mounting box has certain moment of torsion along with the back shaft, 
vibrations are twistd reverse in damper rod absorption through supporting spring and slope, spacing spring absorbs transverse vibration, absorb the vibrations that the battery received from aplurality of directions, weaken and keep apart the influence of car vibration to the battery, strong stability, 
and the service life of an accumulator is prolonged, guarantee battery normal operating.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile's transportation guard box, the power distribution box comprises a box body, every of the box is provided with and holds the chamber, a top below that holds the inside one side in chamber all is provided with first spring parallel relatively, 
and two sets of the opposite side of first spring is provided with a vertical follow block, the top both sides that hold the chamber all are provided with second spring parallel relatively, 
and are two sets of be connected with the 2nd follow block of horizontally between the bottom of second spring,the bottom both sides that hold the chamber all are provided with constant head tank parallel relatively, it keeps away from a follow block's one side bottom and is provided with the axis of rotationto hold the chamber.
The utility model discloses not only can be in the transportation to new energy automobile, carry on spacing fixedly to new energy automobile's bottom, and produce the upon impactin can new energy automobile's transportation, 
the impact that receives new energy automobile cushions the protection, and the increase is to new energy automobile's protection nature.
The invention discloses a new-energy energy-saving burner, and relates to the technical field of burners.
The new energy-saving burner includes a bottom plate. An incinerator is fixedly connected to the left side of the top of the bottom plate, 
and a working box is fixedly connected to the right side of the incinerator. A fixed frame is fixedly connected to the incinerator, and a solar panel is fixedly connected to the top of the fixed frame. 
Buffer devices are fixedly connected to both sides of the bottom of the bottom plate. A stop lever is fixedly connected between the two buffer devices. Buffer rods are fixedly connected to both sides of the bottom of a buffer plate. 
Rotating wheels are rotatably connected to the bottom ends of the buffer rods, the output end of an inverter is connected to the input end of a microcontroller, and a battery provides power to the incinerator through the inverter and the microcomputer, the vibration of the new-energy energy-saving burner can be greatlyreduced, 
so that the device life is longer, and the problem that an existing new-energy energy-saving burner can not achieve shock absorption protection to the device is solved.
The utility model provides a production of new energy automobile battery is with examining test table relates to the new energy automobile battery technology field.
This production of new energy automobile battery is with examining test table, including the bottom plate, the top fixed mounting of bottom plate has a frame, the organic case of left side fixed mounting of frame, 
the top and the equalfixed mounting in bottom of quick -witted incasement wall have motor installation piece, and fixed mounting has the motor between two motors installation pieces, and the output end movably connectedof motor has the bull stick.
This production of new energy automobile battery is with examining test table, through motor, bull stick, bearing, sliding ring, guide bar, slide bar, pulley, spout, electric telescopic handle, detection device and conveyer's cooperation, 
when the motor drive bull stick rotated, the sliding ring can drive movement detection about detection device, and simultaneously, electric telescopic handle can drive the downward movement detection of detection device, 
to sum up, makes this production of new energy automobile battery is with examining test table reach the effectof adjusting be convenient for, is convenient for detect the battery.
The utility model discloses a new energy automobile electron hydrostatic steering control system belongs to the new energy automobile field, include the steering gear, turn to oil pump assembly and controller, 
it includes oil tank, motor -driven pump, oil pipe and solenoid valve to turn to the oil pump assembly, it links to each other with the steering gear to turn to the oil pump assembly, 
the controller links to each other with ECU, be provided with the singlechip in the controller, turn to angle sensor respectively with in the steering gear, turn to solenoid valve in the oil pump assembly,speed sensor, 
ECU and power and link to each other, turn signal lamp and control button about the steering wheel is provided with, 
control button includes resistance -increasing operation, drag reduction operation and reset operation key.
The utility model provides a new energy automobile electron hydrostatic steering control system is the operating instruction of copy control ware single controlsteering wheel, 
on the one hand, ground directly perceived display orientation dish pivoted information, on the other hand for the damping sense of steering wheel operation can be adjusted, in order to satisfy the demand that different navigating mate controlled to the steering wheel.
The utility model relates to a power unit of a lithium ion battery as a new energy resource applied to a gardening mower, which belongs to the technical field of new resource application.
A lithium ion battery new-resource gardening mower is composed of a lithium ion battery new resource device and a gardening mowing device.
A lithium ion battery with full electricity inputted from an external power supply is transported to and mounted on a flat plate of a power base of the gardening mower, current outputted from the lithium ion battery is inputted into an electric motor through a wire, 
electricity is converted into mechanical energy within the electric motor, an electric motor power output shaft below the electric motor rotates quickly to consume the mechanical energy to drive a rotary plate connected with the electric motor power output shaft to rotate quickly, 
and simultaneously, the rotary plate drives a cutter head and a blade in quick rotation to mow leaves of disordered grasses with excessive heights on a lawn, so that the grasses can grow in a neat and beautiful manner, wherein the cutter head is mounted below and connected with the rotary plate, and the blade is mounted on the cutter head.
The invention discloses a screw permanent-magnet frequency-conversion wind source device special for a new-energy electric vehicle. The integrated all-in-one wind source device comprises an inlet valve, an air suction pipe, an escape pipe, a cooler and a spiral main engine. 
The inlet valve intakes air into the spiral main engine for compression through the air suction pipe. The integrated all-in-one wind source device further comprises an oil fine separating box. The escape pipe is communicated with the oil fine separating box. 
The compressed air enters the cooler for cooling after passing through the oil fine separating box, and then the compressed air is exhausted from the escape pipe for a new-energy vehicle system to use. 
The integrated all-in-one wind source device further comprises a permanent-magnet motor. The permanent-magnet motor drives the spiral main engine to rotate. The integrated all-in-one wind source device further comprises a frequency-conversion control system. The frequency-conversion control system controls the permanent-magnet motor to work.
According to the screw permanent-magnet frequency-conversion wind source device special for the new-energy electric vehicle, the motor working efficiency is changed through a frequency-conversion system to control torques of the motor at different rotating speeds, the vehicle power supply voltage is provided according to the actual need of the motor, and therefore the screw permanent-magnet frequency-conversion wind source device special for the new-energy electric vehicle has the advantages of being revolutionary, creative and energy-saving.
The utility model discloses a new forms of energy commodity circulation car interior food fixing device, comprising a base plate, floor surfaces's right side fixedly connected with side frame, the equal fixed connection clamping device in both sides of side frame inner wall, 
the fixed surface of bottom plate is connected with a frame, the bottom fixedly connected with buffering cotton of top frameinner wall to buffering cotton's top fixedly connected with buffer board, 
the equal fixedly connected with stabilising arrangement in both sides at top frame inner wall top, the utility model relatesto a commodity circulation car technical field.
This new forms of energy commodity circulation car interior food fixing device has reached and has carried out the purpose of fixing to cup dress food,prevents toppling over of cup dress food, avoids spilling of food, guarantees the stability of transportation, is convenient for fix box -packed food, promotes the stability of food transportation in-process, can adapt to the not box -packed food of equidimension, and the practicality is stronger, can fold the device when need not to transport food, practices thrift the space.
The utility model discloses a new forms of energy electric automobile turns to device, including tumbler disc circular profile, outer circular profile, handle and horn button in, tumbler disc installsthe connecting axle in the outside, 
circular profile in connecting axle one end is installed, first recess has been seted up in the interior circular profile outside, first recess endotheca is equipped with first fixed cover, the bracing piece is installed to fixed set first one end, 
the inside second recess of having offered of outer circular profile, second recess endotheca is equipped with thefixed cover of second, the bracing piece other end and the fixed cover fixed connection of second, 
the diameter of circular profile in the diameter of outer circular profile is greater than, horn button is installed to tumbler disc middle part upside, the middle part transmission of tumbler disc downside is connected with the transfer line, 
utility model new forms of energy electric automobile turns to device, and through circular profile in being equipped with and outer circular profile, the outer lane that can adjust the steering wheel as required is big or small, convenient to use.
The invention discloses a smelting process of castings of wind energy equipment, which is suitable for the smelting production of castings of wind energy equipment with the wall thickness of 60 to 200mm and includes the following steps: 
a. new pig iron, scrap steel and carburants with special requirements are sent into a melting electric furnace for smelting; b. high temperature liquid iron is subjected to desulfurization treatment by a desulfurization agent; 
c. the desulfurized liquid iron is returned into a heat insulation electric furnace for component adjustment, and the carburant is added for carrying out pre-treatment of crystal nucleus to graphite in the liquid iron; d. spheroidization treatment is carried out to the liquid iron; 
e. an inoculant is added into the liquid iron for inoculation; f. the liquid iron is poured to casting sand mold; and g. the castings are naturally cooled to 500 to 550 DEG C for unpacking after finishing pouring.
The smelting process of castings of wind energy equipment can increase the spheroidization efficiency of ductile iron castings used by the wind energy equipment, which causes the castings to have good intensity of tension, extensibility and high impact ductility in low temperature environments, 
thus meeting the requirements on the castings used by the wind energy equipment.
The invention discloses a composite busbar of a new energy automobile battery pack.
The composite busbar comprises a PCB layer, a conductive composite layer and a reinforcing layer which are successively overlapped; the PCB layer is provided with a plurality of bonding pads; the conductive composite layer comprises a conductive layer and an insulating layer which are nested to each other; 
the conductive layer comprises a plurality of conductive plates which are integrated on a plane; the conductive plates separately correspond to various cells; and metal columns which correspond to the bondingpads are arranged on the conductive plates.
The invention further provides a making method of the composite busbar of the new energy automobile battery pack.
By the design of the invention, signals such as voltage and temperature in the conductive plates can be acquired, and the various cells can be actively balanced.
The invention relates to a battery box with a shock absorption function for a new energy automobile. The battery box comprises a box body, a buffer mechanism and a central control mechanism, wherein the buffer mechanism comprises a first buffer block, a first buffer rod, a first guide rail and a spring; 
second buffer assemblies are also arranged on two ends of the first buffer rod; each second buffer assembly comprises a second guide rail, a first sliding block, a first connecting rod, a fixed support, a second connecting rod and a second buffer unit; 
each second buffer unit comprises a second sliding block, a third guide rail, a second buffer rod and a second buffer block; a voice control module comprises a voice control circuit. 
In the battery box with the shock absorption function for the new energy automobile, disclosed by the invention, reliable buffer and shock absorption on a battery can be realized through the buffer mechanism, so that the reliability of the battery box is realized; 
in addition, reliable and effective alarm reminding for the battery box under an abnormal situation can be realized through the voice control circuit, and the reliability of the battery box is increased.
The invention discloses a new energy automobile system with a fire-proof and charging protection function. The system comprises an automobile shell and a charging plug, wherein the head of the automobile shell is provided with a charging protection box; 
the front side of the charging protection box is provided with a through hole; the tops of two sides of the inner surface of the through hole areindependently fixedly connected with a first slideway; the inner surface of each first slideway is in sliding connection with a first supporting column; 
and one end, which is far away from the first slideway, of the first supporting column is fixedly connected with a locking frame. The new energy automobile system relates to the technical field of new energy automobiles.
The new energy automobilesystem with the fire-proof and charging protection function can automatically cut off connection with an external power supply after charging is finished, meanwhile, a fire-proof box is arranged to effectively lower a fire hazard occurrence probability, 
and therefore, the problems that the service life of a battery is likely to be shortened due to the excessive charging of the battery of the new energy automobile, meanwhile, the fire hazard occurrence probability of the new energy automobile is improved since the battery is installed and the security of lives and property of the people is likely to be threatened can be solved.
The utility model relates to an intelligent charging equipment for new energy automobile charges, including casing, the mechanism that generates electricity, fill electric gun, support column and central control machine constructs, fills electric gun and central control machine and be equipped with the connecting wire between constructing, 
the inside of casing is equipped with the admission machine constructs, the admission machine constructs including guiding wire assembly and winding component, guiding wire assembly includes and leads wire sleeve and dead lever, winding component includes winding bobbin, connecting rod and central control machine 0, 
central control machine 0 includes lifter, spring and fixed block, central control machine 2 includes central control machine 3, central control machine 3 includes central control machine 5 and bee central control machine 6, integrated circuit's model is TDA7245, 
among this an intelligent charging equipment for new energy automobile charges, through the admission machine structure, can realize smooth reliable the thing receive and releasing of connecting wire, 
simultaneously, in voice control circuit, can realize enlargeing the reliable of audio signal, carries out feedback control moreover, has improved the reliability of battery charging outfit.
The invention relates to a power device applying wind-hydrogen new energy to a paddy planter, belonging to the technical field of new energy resource application.
The wind-hydrogen new energy driven paddy planter is formed by connecting a wind-hydrogen new energy device and a paddy planting device.
Wind force blows blades of a wind driven generator to rotate quickly so as to drive the wind driven generator to produce a current, the current is transmitted into a water electrolysis hydrogen producing device to produce hydrogen gas, and the hydrogen gas is transmitted into a workshop for manufacturing a hydrogen fuel storage container. 
The hydrogen fuel storage container is installed in the wind-hydrogen new energy driven paddy planter, and fuel hydrogen output from the hydrogen fuel storage container is transmitted into a hydrogen fuel cell through a hydrogen fuel conveying pipe. 
Electric energy is efficiently released through an electrochemical reaction in the hydrogen fuel cell, the current enters a motor, the electric energy is converted into a mechanical energy, 
and the mechanical energy can drive a mechanical transmission device, a paddy field transmission shaft and a paddy field wheel to operate. Meanwhile, the mechanical energy drives a seed discharge device to discharge paddy seeds from a seed box, and the paddy seeds are uniformly sown in a paddy field in line through a conveying pipe and sowing holes.
The utility model discloses an SMT paster pole piece for two-side-electrode solar cells, which comprises a PCB and at least two solar cells, the PCB is correspondingly provided with at least two pads, 
the solar cells are disposed on the pads of the PCB with right sight up, and negative electrodes of the solar cells are disposed on the pads of the PCB; 
and an SMT paster pole piece is disposed between two adjacent solar cells, the SMT paster pole piece is a double-bended metal sheet, one side of the SMT paster pole piece is overlapped on the main grid line electrode of the right side of one solar cell, 
and the other side of the SMT paster pole piece is overlapped on the PCB pad which is connected with the negative electrode of the adjacent solar cell.
Due to the fact that a structure of a solar cell panel is changed, machine production can be achieved by complete utilization of SMT automation equipment, productivity is increased, and production efficiency is improved; 
and welding quality and consistency are ensured due to non-manual welding.
The utility model relates to a power device applying solar photovoltaic generation and wind-electricity complementarity on a rice seeding thrower, belonging to the technical field of new energy source application.
A plurality of micro wind-driven generator and a plurality of solar battery boards are mounted on the ceiling of a rice seeding thrower to conduct networking power generation in the region with more sufficient wind power generation resources and solar photovoltaic generation resources, 
the generated electric current not only can be input to an accumulator for storage and standby after the adjustment of a controller, direct current can be conversed into alternating current through an inverter, 
the alternating current is then input into a generator, and electric energy is conversed into mechanical energy, the mechanical energy drives rear drive wheels to rotate through a driving belt, the rear drive wheels transfer mechanical energy to front drive wheels through the driving belt during the rotating process, 
the front drive wheels transfers power to four paddy field running wheels through a driving belt, the four paddy field running wheels bear the weight of the rice seeding thrower to go forwards or withdraw, 
the front drive wheel transfers power to a rice seeding thrower to fish rice seeding throwing operation through another driving belt.
The invention saves cell sheet materials, improves the voltage level, and reduces the cost.
The utility model discloses embodiment discloses a solar energy component frame and solar energy system, belongs to the technical scheme of solar energy application, and the core lies in that the solar energy component frame includes first frame and second frame, 
first frame includes interconnect's first bearing piece and first splint, is formed with first centre gripping groove between the top offirst bearing piece and the first splint, and the side of first bearing piece is equipped with first lug, 
and the salient direction of first lug is opposite with the notch in first centre gripping groove orientation, the second frame includes interconnect's second bearing piece and second splint, is formed with second centre gripping groove between the top of second bearing piece and the second splint, 
and the side of second bearing is equipped with the second lug and the third lug of alternate segregation, is formed with the joint groove between second lug and the third lug, and the notch orientation in joint groove is opposite with the notch orientation in second centre gripping groove, 
first lug embedding joint inslot, this scheme can realize the seamless concatenation between the solar panel, has promoted waterproof performance.
The utility model discloses a solar heat collection device and a solar thermal power generation device. The solar heat collection device comprises a heat collection module, a focusing module and union headers, wherein the heat collection module comprises large-gap vacuum heat collection tubes and a union box, 
each large-gap vacuum heat collection tube comprises an outer tube and an inner tube, a heat exchange tube with a heat-conducting fin serves as each inner tube, 
a heat-conducting channel of each heat exchange tube passes through each heat-conducting fins through an inlet of each heat exchange tube, and then is connected to an outlet of each heat exchange tube, and the heat exchange tubes are communicated in parallel though the union headers.
The solar thermal power generation device comprises the solar heat collection device, a high-temperature energy storage device, an automatic control device and a constant-temperature steam turbine power generation device, 
wherein heat energy in the solar heat collection device is conveyed to the high-temperature energy storage device, and then is conveyed to a constant-temperature tank of the constant-temperature steam turbine power generation device, and thermal power generation energy is provided for the constant-temperature steam turbine power generation device.
The solar heat collection device and the solar thermal power generation device have the advantages of increasing the heat collection temperature, improving the effect of thermal insulation, and being high in utilization rate of the thermal energy, low in cost, simple in structure, convenient to install and the like.
The utility model discloses a metallurgy polysilicon solar energy cell sheet and a solar panel.
The silicon chip for the metallurgy polysilicon solar energy cell sheet is the polysilicon silicon chip purified via a metallurgy method.
The right side of the silicon chip is the pile face made via corrosion wool-making method, with the depth of the grooves in the pile face ranging from 3.2 to 4.0 micrometers.
The upper surface of the pile face is coated with double antireflection films which, being the silicon nitride film, comprise a first layer film and a second film;
wherein the first layer film covers the right side of the solar energy cell sheet and has the first refractive index and the first thickness. 
while the second layer film covers the upper surface of the first layer film and has the second refractive index and the second thickness; 
the total refractive index of the first layer film and the second layer film ranges from 1.98 to 2.03, with the first refractive index greater than the second refractive index while the second thickness greater than two times of the first thickness; and the sum of the first thickness and the second thickness ranges from 78 to 85 nanometers.
The metallurgy polysilicon solar energy cell sheet of the utility model solves the problems of aberration, short circuit, and low current.
Provided is a solar energy outdoor advertisement apparatus including an outdoor advertisement support (1), a plurality of film solar cell panels (2) are arranged on the outdoor advertisement support (1), and a transparent or a semi-transparent advertisement pad pasting (3) is pasted on each of the film solar cell panels (2).
The utility model further provides a solar energy commercial power complementation power supply system including a solar energy generating unit (5), a preliminary conflux device (6), an input control switch (7), an MPPT controller (8), a conflux device (9), a storage battery (10), an inverter (11), a commercial power input control box (12), and an AC output control box (13). The solar energy generating unit (5) is the solar energy outdoor advertisement apparatus.
The film solar cell outdoor advertisement apparatus combines the solar energy generating technology with outdoor advertisements to realize both of the power generation and advertisement.
The solar energy commercial power complementation power supply system complements the file cell power generation with the commercial power to form a comprehensive power generation system taking the photovoltaic solar energy power generation as the main part and the commercial power as the auxiliary part.
The invention discloses a folding solar panel, The folding solar panel comprises a first solar panel and a second solar panel. 
wherein a first telescopic rod and a second telescopic rod are arranged between the first solar panel and the second solar panel, the bottom of one end of the first telescopic rod and the bottom of one end of the second telescopic rod are separately and fixedly provided with a slide block.
convex columns fixedly arranged at two sides of the first solar panel are actively connected with through holes arranged at the other ends of the first telescopic rod and the secondtelescopic rod respectively, T-shaped slide grooves are fixedly arranged at two sides of the second solar panel.
and the bottom of one end of the first solar panel is fixedly provided with a second fixed block.
In the folding solar panel, the first solar panel and the second solar panel can be folded through the first telescopic rod and the second telescopic rod, so as to be transported conveniently; 
the rolling bearing can reduce friction force, so as to prolong the service life; and the electric telescopic rod can adjust angles of the first solar panel and the second solar panel.
The embodiment of the invention discloses a solar energy heat reservoir and a solar energy utilization device and relates to the technical field of solar energy utilization. 
The solar energy heat reservoir and the solar energy utilization device achieve the purposes of simple processing procedures, high production efficiency and fast accumulation of solar energy.
The solar energy heat reservoir comprises a container with an opening, a circulating water-outlet pipe arranged at an opening and a circulating water-inlet pipe sleeved with the circulating water-outlet pipe.
The solar energy utilization device is provided with the solar energy heat reservoir.
The solar energy heat reservoir and the solar energy utilization device are suitable for occasions where solar energy is utilized.
The utility model relates to a light emitting device on a solar photovoltaic windmill, which belongs to the technical field of new energy teaching appliances.
Solar energy is clean energy; the solar photovoltaic power generation technology makes such rapid progress that solar photovoltaic enterprises are an emerging industry, the solar photovoltaic power generation content is required to be written in teaching and learning materials for various schools; 
and when teaches a solar photovoltaic power generation course, a teacher needs to enable students to directly observe a teaching appliance for demonstrating the relation of energy conversion.
In the sunlight, a solar battery in the device generates direct current; 
the direct current is input to an LED (light-emitting diode) through a circuit switch and a conductive wire for light emission, so as to demonstrate the process of converting solar energy to electric energy and then converting the electric energy to optical energy; 
and the rest of the direct current is input to a direct-current motor through a conductive wire inside a hollow pipe for work application, so as to drive windmill blades on a power output shaft to rotate, and demonstrate the process of converting the electric energy to mechanical energy.
The invention relates to a solar module (1) having a plurality of solar cells (2) mounted on the front side of a carrier (4) of the solar module (1).
wherein a plurality of conductive strips (3) are in electric contact with the solar cells (2) and extend from the front side to the rear side of the carrier (4).
and the carrier (4) is enclosed on the periphery by a frame (6) of the solar module (1).
The invention also relates to a connection system comprising the solar module (1) and a junction box (8) that can be connected to a module electronic device (12) by a socket (9) of the junction box (8) for forming a solar module system.
The utility model discloses a hot-plate uniform-heating laminating machine suitable for the assembling technology of a solar cell. 
The laminating machine comprises a heating workbench and an upper cover, wherein the upper cover is formed in the way that an upper box chamber, a silica gel plate and an upper-chamber seal ring are connected sequentially; 
a lower-chamber seal ring is arranged on the outer ring on the side edge of the heating workbench, and a laid cell component is placed on the workbench surface of the laminating machine; 
the upper cover is pressed downwardly to enable the upper-chamber seal ring positioned on the upper cover and the lower-chamber seal ring surrounding around the side edge pf the heating workbench to be in close connection, and a vacuum chamber is formed between the upper cover and the heating workbench; 
the upper box chamber is arranged at the upper part of the heating workbench, and another vacuum chamber is formed between the upper box chamber and the heating workbench; 
the upper-chamber seal ring is arranged at the periphery of the silica gel plate; the lower-chamber seal ring is arranged at the periphery of the heating workbench and matched with the upper-chamber seal ring to seal the vacuum chamber; 
an electric heating device and a temperature control device are further distributed and arranged inside the heating workbench; and the heating workbench is rectangular, the horizontal rectangular plate surface is divided into a main heating section and an auxiliary heating section, and the auxiliary heating section is arranged in the main heating section in a surrounding manner.
The utility model discloses a package assembly of silicon solar cell subassembly.including wooden block dish and box and case lid.
be equipped with the bottom plate on the wooden block dish, bottom plate center and wooden block dish center correspond and are equipped with the triangle -shaped angle bead that is used for establishing at four corner suite of the silicon solar cell of each verticalsetting subassembly and serve as a contrast the fender angle bead in the box.
the lining keeps off angle bead perpendicular to wooden block dish and places in on the border of the two outermost silicon solar cell subassemblies in packing back.
the wooden block dish is including first multiply wood, first plank, first strengthening rib and second multiply wood, first multiply wood and second multiply wood are the en block construnction.
first plank include more than one and the interval respectively in first multiple -plate below, and the distribution direction of first plank is parallel with vertical silicon solar cell subassembly that sets up, be equipped with the first strengthening rib unanimous with first plank distribution direction in each first plank below.
The utility model discloses make the bottom installation more firm, realize dual packing simultaneously, can not appear after the packing is accomplished producing the product problem of scrapping because of the product collision.
The utility model relates to a solar water heater, which mainly comprises a heat exchanger, a water storage tank, a water inlet pipe and a water outlet pipe. 
wherein the water inlet pipe is provided with two branch pipes. One branch pipe is communicated with a hot water space which is arranged on the periphery of the heat exchanger which is arranged in the water storage tank through an automatic stop device for full water, and the other branch pipe is communicated with one end of the heat exchanger, which is arranged in the water storage tank. 
Simultaneously, the other end of the heat exchanger is communicated with the water outlet pipe, and the branch pipes which are communicated with the water inlet pipe and the heat exchangers which is arranged in the water storage tank, water inlet pipe which is communicated with the heat exchanger are respectively arranged along the lateral wall of the water storage tank. 
The temperature change of hot water which is generated by the utility model is not large, and thus, hot water with certain pressure and small temperature change can be obtained from the solar water heater. In addition, the hot water in the water storage tank can also be taken and used through the automatic stop device for full water.
The utility model relates to a solar battery receiver in a solar energy concentration system, wherein, the solar energy concentration system concentrates solar energy on a solar battery so as to convert the solar energy into electricity; 
the solar battery receiver comprises the solar battery which is mounted on a support part and provided with at least one III-V compound semi-conductor layer; 
an optical element can be positioned above the solar battery and is provided with an optical passage of which the inlet deviates the solar battery and the outlet faces to the solar battery; 
a framework can be positioned above the support part and extends along the solar battery, and the side surface of the interior of the framework extends above the support part and faces to the optical element; 
an encapsulation object can be positioned above the support part and is accommodated between the optical element and the framework; 
the height of the encapsulation object at the contact point of the optical element and the framework can be increased, while the height of the encapsulation object away from the contact point of the optical element and the framework can be decreased; 
and the solar battery receiver can be used in a solar battery module.
The utility model provides a solar mobile charging device, includes several solar cell, each solar cell is close to end bight position in the long limit department in its both sides and is equipped with the electrode, the electrode be the magnet.
On solar cell because the opposite magnetic action on the electrode, the solar cell that makes several parallel arrangement by the magnetic force of relative electrode adsorb amalgamation together become one whole dull and stereotyped. 
through the electrode forming circuit establishes ties between the whole split solar cell, the whole flat board of parallel arrangement's solar cell constitutes solar mobile charging device in inlaying the recess in a base member.
The utility model discloses with low costs, efficient, voltage stabilization is adjustable to equipment can be dismantled very easily, merge, has very strong convenient to carry nature.
The utility model discloses to vast electronic equipment user, especially outwork personnel and the personnel of travelling outdoors. 
the practical and convertible charging voltage's that can hand -carry of a section solar mobile charging device is provided.
The utility model relates to a solar energy refrigerator which is provided with a refrigerator body, a front wall plate, a side wall plate, a top wall plate and the back wall plate of which are respectively provided with a solar energy photovoltaic panel; 
the solar energy photovoltaic panel arranged on the back wall plate at least comprises two groups of solar energy photovoltaic panel sets; each solar energy photovoltaic panel set comprises a first solar energy photovoltaic panel and a second solar energy photovoltaic panel arranged to be folded with or parallel to the first solar energy photovoltaic panel; 
the solar energy refrigerator further comprises a photovoltaic control device, a storage battery and a switch control piece, wherein an input end of the photovoltaic control device is electrically connected with the solar energy photovoltaic panels, and an output end thereof is electrically connected with an input end of the storage battery; an output end of the storage battery is electrically connected with a power input end of the solar energy refrigerator by the switch control piece; 
and the photovoltaic control device and the storage battery are arranged at the lower part of the refrigerator body.
Compared with the prior art, the utility model enlarges the light absorption area, and effectively improves the photoelectric conversion efficiency of solar energy, thus not only saving the energy and being environment-friendly, but also being simple in structure and convenient to use.
The invention relates to a device for supplying power to a plantation under a bridge from an overhead solar power station on the coastal beach, belonging to the technical field of new energy resourcesapplication.
According to the overall design chart, a plurality of overhead piers are built and overhead surfaces are erected on the coastal wetland, solar batteries are installed on the overhead surfaces. 
grid-connected overhead solar power station are built, and external conductive wires thereof are connected with a supply network.
Solar batteries in the sunlight generate direct current which is input into a controller for adjusting, and then the adjusted direct current is input to a photovoltaic grid-connected inverter to be transformed into low-voltage alternating current which is input into a comprehensive building of distribution substation for distribution or power transformation. 
a part low-voltage alternating current is output from the comprehensive building of distribution substation supply for supplying electricity utilization of greenhouse grow seedlings and a lift pump for cultivating salt-enduring plants in the plantation under the bridge.
The remaining low-voltage alternating current is changed into high-voltage alternating current after boosting and is incorporated into supply network on a high-voltage transmission iron tower.
The utility model provides an energy-saving water-saving type solar water heating device. 
which comprises a solar heat collector and a heat-insulation water tank, wherein the heat-insulation water tank is connected with the solar heat collector and provided with a cold water inlet pipe and a hot water outlet pipe. 
The solar hot water device is characterized in that an electric valve, a water-saving valve and a switch valve are sequentially installed on the hot water outlet pipe, and the electric valve is electrically connected with a solar controller.
When water is used, the solar controller controls the electric valve to open, hot water directly flows out for use by a user.
and the flow rate and flow quantity of the hot water are controlled through air sucked by the water water-saving valve, so that the purpose of saving water in the water use process is realized; 
and when water is not used, the solar controller closes the electric valve, air enters the water-saving valve, water in the hot water pipe is drained, and no water retains in the pipe when the solar hot water device is used at next time. 
Therefore, the solar water heating device is automatic in control, low in energy consumption, significant in water-saving effect, convenient for installation and use, and reliable in performance.
The utility model discloses an angle-adjustable fishing light complementary solar heat collection power generation device. 
Underwater support, the top of the underwater bracket is rotatably connectedwith an overwater bracket; the telescopic ends of the first damping rod and the second damping rod are each provided with a solar water heater heat preservation box. 
A heat absorption pipe is communicated between the solar water heater heat preservation boxes. 
Electromagnetic valves are arranged at the communicating positions of the two ends of the heat absorption pipe and the solar water heater heat preservation box, solar photovoltaic panels are connected to the end faces of the two sides of the solar water heater heat preservation box, 
and the solar photovoltaic panels, the standby battery,the gradienter, the water flow power assembly, the centrifugal regulator and the control chip communicate with one another.
According to the utility model, the combination of fishery, the solar waterheater and the solar photovoltaic panel is realized.
the automatic deflection of the solar water heater and the solar photovoltaic panel is also realized.
the automatic deflection is realized by using very little electric energy through the mechanical assembly.
the power generation efficiency of the solar photovoltaic panel is increased, and the stability of the deflection equipment is also improved.
The utility model discloses a solar wafer group and solar photovoltaic module. 
a formation overlap area is overlapped from top to bottom including the battery piece of a plurality of series connection. 
the one end edge that double -phase adjacent battery piece is close to each other in solar wafer group to be equipped with the electrically conductive articulamentum. that is used for the double -phase adjacent battery piece of fixed connection and makes the connection of adjacent double -phase adjacent battery piece electricity between this overlap area. 
the length of electrically conductive articulamentum with the length of overlap area suits. 
the utility model also discloses a solar photovoltaic module. 
include and organize and bottom EVA membrane and backplate from last toughened glass, top layer EVA membrane, solar wafer to setting gradually down along the thickness direction, solar wafer group adopts foretell solar wafer group.
The utility model provides a space between the two adjacent battery pieces can be eliminated to the structure. 
can reduce the power loss that conductive strips brought simultaneously.
Inventive concentrated solar power systems using solar receivers, and related devices and methods, are generally described.
The invention provides a PERC solar cell coating method. 
PERC solar cell coating happens after etching, diffusion, etching and glass impurity removal on a silicon wafer and before local slotting on the back surface of the silicon wafer during the PERC solar cell preparation process. 
The coating method comprises steps: an antireflection film is formed on the front surface of a to-be-coated siliconwafer and a lamination film is formed on the back surface of the silicon wafer, wherein the lamination film comprises a passivation film and a protection film formed on the passivation film. 
The stepof forming the antireflection film on the front surface of the to-be-coated silicon wafer comprises sub steps: the to-be-coated silicon wafer is placed in a reacting furnace to perform deposition operation on the antireflection film on the front surface of the silicon wafer; 
after the deposition operation, the silicon wafer stands in the reacting furnace for a first predetermined time duration; and after the standing, the silicon wafer is taken out from the reacting furnace.
Correspondingly, the invention also provides a PERC solar cell preparation method and the PERC solar cell.
The EL abnormal ratio of the PERC solar cell can be effectively reduced, and the PERC solar cell efficiency and the yield are improved.
The utility model discloses a solar cell module possessing a direct current optimization function. 
The solar cell module comprises multiple groups of solar cell strings. The solar cell module is characterized in that each group of solar cell strings is connected in parallel to a MPPT chip; 
each MPPT chip is connected in series; 
an anode input terminal of each MPPT chip is connected to an anode of each solar cell string; a cathode input terminal is connected to a cathode of each solar cell string; 
an output terminal of the previous MPPT chip is connected to a cathode input terminal of the next MPPT chip.
The each group of solar cell strings can continuously track maximum power through the corresponding MPPT chip respectively. 
Through a DC-DC module of the MPPT chip, current matching among the cell strings is realized so as to increase assembly output power, overcome a hot spot effect, increase assembly safety and increase a space utilization rate of the assembly in a local shielding area.
The invention proposes a solar module cleaning method. 
When there is more sand on the surface of a solar module and the laser intensity of a laser measurement device is less than a set value, the method carries out automatic cleaning. 
The cleaning operation comprises the steps: turning the solar module, and enabling the front surface of the solar module to face downwards; carrying out vibration and blowing, thereby cleaning most of sand on the surface of the solar module; 
turning the solar module back after cleaning, and then detecting the laser intensity: it indicates that the cleaning is successful when the laser intensity is greater than the set value, or it indicates that there is a block on the surface of the solar module which is difficult to clean; 
and transmitting information to a server when the block cannot be cleaned through vibration and blowing. 
The above method can clean the surface of the solar module in a full-automatic manner, is high in intelligentization degree, does not need to carry out one-by-one inspection, greatly reduces the consumption of manpower and material resources, and is especially suitable for a large-scale solar power station.
The present invention provides a tandem solar cell module. 
The tandem solar module includes first and second thin film solar cell circuits and a transparent coupling layer disposed between the first and second thin film circuits for securing the first and second thin film circuits together in a stack.
Each solar cell circuit includes a multi-layer structure, the multi-layer structure including a substrate, a first conductive layer formed over the substrate, a buffer layer, an absorber layer formed between the first conductive layer and the buffer layer, and a second conductive layer formed over the buffer layer.
The first thin film solar cell circuit and second thin film solar cell circuit are oriented with respect to one another such that the absorber layers are disposed between the substrates of the circuits.
The first and second solar cell circuits have different bandgap profiles.
The utility model discloses a spool formula solar cell panel device, including power storage device and solar cell panel, 
solar cell panel's surface is provided with flexible solar cell, and the peripheral hardware hitch clevis is installed on the solar cell panel's that tells right side, 
power storage device installs the left side at solar cell panel, the last battery indicator screen of installing of power storage device, the connecting rod is installed in power storage device's left side, 
the left side of connecting rod is provided with the junction valve, the junction valve is installed on the mount.
The utility model discloses, can crimple solar cell panel through it, and solar cell panel's right side installing the peripheral hardware hitch clevis, can connecting electric drive equipment through it, 
increase the functional of solar cell panel greatly, improved its self value, and be provided with the USB interface on the solar cell panel, can charge for peripheral through it, it is extremely convenient to use.
The invention discloses a high-efficiency flat type solar heat collector which comprises a frame, fins, a heat-absorbing pipeline and a cover plate. 
The fins are used for absorbing solar radiation, 
the heat-absorbing pipeline is fixed on the fins, 
the cover plate has high transmission characteristics and is fixed on the frame, 
the fins tightly penetrate through the heat-absorbing pipeline and keep a certain distance in between, 
and the inner surface of the cover plate is provided with a plurality of ridged angles so that sunlight is radiated on the fins from different angles by the refraction of the ridged angles.
The invention aims to provide the high-efficiency flat type solar heat collector which can greatly overcome the defect of poor heat exchange efficiency of a flat type solar heat collector in the prior art. 
The invention also provides a corresponding solar water heater.
The utility model discloses a cluster-type solar power generation device which comprises a generating set and a plurality of solar towers, wherein each solar tower can independently collect solar energy and store energy to generate steam, 
the steam generated by the solar towers is converged to steam transmission convergence pipes outside the solar towers through steam transmission pipes and then transmitted to the generating set, the entire device is controlled by an intelligent control device, 
the number of the steam transmission convergence pipes is more than one, the steam transmission convergence pipes are radially arranged, the solar towers are encircled around the generating set, and the steam transmission convergence pipes are arranged in the position adjacent to the solar towers. The solar power generation device has the advantages of low in manufacturing cost, long service life, 
high solar energy utilization efficiency, land resource saving, and environment friendliness, and provides a broad space for the application of the solar thermal power generation device.
The invention discloses a P type PERC two-sided solar battery. 
The two-sided solar battery comprises back silver main gates, aluminum gate lines, a back surface passivation film, P type silicon, an N type emitter, a front surface silicon nitride film and a front silver electrode, wherein a plurality of laser slotting regions are arranged on the back surface passivation film; 
each laser slotting region comprises an aluminum gate slotting region; at least one group of laser slotting units are arranged in each aluminum gate slotting region; the aluminum gate lines are connected with P type silicon through the aluminum gate slotting regions; 
the aluminum gate lines and the laser slotting units are arranged in a parallel or vertical manner; the aluminum gate lines comprise a first aluminum gate line, a second aluminum gate line and a third aluminum gate line; 
the first aluminum gate line and the back silver main gates are arranged in a vertical manner; the second aluminum gate line and the back silver main gates are arranged in parallel; 
the third aluminum gate line and the back silver main gates are arranged in a crossed manner with a certain inclination angle, wherein the inclination angle is greater than 10 degrees and less than 90 degrees.
The invention also discloses a P type PERC two-sided solar assembly and system.
By adoption of the P type PERC two-sided solar battery, assembly and system, sunshine can be absorbed from two surfaces, so that the application range of the solar battery can be expanded, and the photoelectric conversion efficiency can be improved.
The utility model discloses a safe and efficient solar heat collecting device, which comprises a solar heat collector and a heat storage water tank which are connected with each other by a one-way heat transmission pipe and separated from each other in a short distance, wherein a water inlet and outlet, a temperature water level probe and an overflow gas exhaust port are arranged on the heat storage water tank; 
and an electric heater can be further arranged on the heat storage water tank in order to assure long-time continuous heat supply.
The solar heat collector and the heat storage water tank are separately arranged in a short distance in the device, thereby ensuring that the heat of the heat storage water tank cannot be reversely transmitted to the solar heat collector, and reducing insert hole heat loss at the same time; 
in addition, the lower part of the water tank is only provided with the one-way heat transmission pipe interface and the overflow gas exhaust port which are in hard connection via pipe threads, thereby sufficiently assuring the sealing performance of the heat storage water tank, further enhancing the heat insulation effect and safety performance of the whole system, 
and effectively improving the heat insulation capacity of the traditional solar water heater and the fault and hidden danger of water leakage; and the safe and high efficient solar heat collecting device disclosed by the utility model has the advantages of simple structure, convenience in maintenance and wide application range.
The present disclosure provides a solar energy system that comprises a solar collector for providing energy generated from incident solar radiation.
The solar energy system also comprises a first heat exchange system that has an ejector that is arranged to operate using at least a portion of the energy provided by the solar energy collector. Further, the solar energy system comprises a second heat exchange system arranged to operate using energy from an energy source other than a solar energy source.
The solar energy system is arranged for transfer of thermal energy between the first heat exchange system and a region, and between the second heat exchange system and the region.
The solar energy system is arranged to control a relative contribution of the first and second heat exchange systems to the transfer of the thermal energy.
A solar string includes first and second solar modules coupled to first and second filters by an electric transmission line.
The second solar module includes a solar panel including a plurality of photovoltaic cells configured to convert photon energy to electrical energy.
A processor is coupled to the solar panel and is in communication with the first solar module.
The processor is configured to monitor an output of the solar panel and to transmit a status signal including an environmental condition of the second solar module to the first solar module by way of the electric transmission line.
The first and second filters are configured to pass electrical power to a central inverter of a solar array in which the solar string is disposed and to prevent the status signal transmitted from the second solar module to the first solar module from being transmitted to the central inverter.
The invention also discloses a solar array.
The utility model relates to an electric power heating apparatus of a solar power greenhouse and the heating apparatus comprises a thin-film solar cell module, a water inlet pump, a cold water tank and a solar power heat collector. 
Electric power converted by the solar power cell module drives the water inlet pump to operate; the water inlet pump is respectively connected with the cold water tank and the solar power heat collector; and the solar power heat collector is orderly connected with a hot water tank and a ground heating radiator.
The electric power heating apparatus of solar power greenhouse integrates power supplying system with heat supplying system, thereby utilizing luminous energy to better overcome limitations of present solar power greenhouse system; 
luminous energy can be converted into electric power by thin-film solar power cell and then electric power is converted into heat energy by heat supplying apparatus, thereby forming a complete electric power heat supplying system; 
utilization rate of luminous energy is improved; need of heat supplying for solar power greenhouse at night and in winter is met; 
and a hot-air machine is replaced by a solar power heat-collector, a ground-heat radiating pipe and a water tank in the electric power heating apparatus of the solar power greenhouse, thereby decreasing coal amount needed by hot-air machine, saving energy and reducing pollution.
The invention relates to the technical field of solar energy conversion, 
in particular to a solar heat absorbing film layer and a preparation method of the solar heat absorbing film layer and a solarheat absorbing plate and preparation method of the solar heat absorbing plate.
The solar heat absorbing film layer comprises an absorbing layer and an anti-reflection self-cleaning layer arranged on the absorbing layer, the anti-reflection self-cleaning layer is formed by curing titanium dioxide sol mixed with silicon dioxide. The preparation method of the solar heat absorbing film layer comprisesthat a titanium dioxide sol mixed with silicon dioxide is coated on the absorbing layer; and the anti-reflection self-cleaning layer is formed by curing.
The solar heat absorbing plate comprises a base material and the solar heat absorbing film layer arranged on the surface of the base material.
The preparation method of the solar heat absorbing plate comprises the following steps that the absorbing layer is formed on the surface of a base material; and an anti-reflection self-cleaning layer is formed on the absorbing layer.
According to the invention, the anti-reflection self-cleaning layerformed by curing titanium dioxide sol mixed with silicon dioxide is arranged on an absorbing layer, 
so that the solar heat absorbing film layer can have a high absorbing ratio and a low emission ratio, and also has good anti-fouling capability and weather resistance.
The invention relates to a mixed stacked type solar component which comprises a plurality of photovoltaic components which are combined in a laminated manner front and back, 
wherein a substrate of the photovoltaic component positioned on the uppermost layer is used as a light incident surface of a solar battery, and a substrate of the photovoltaic component positioned on the bottommost layer is used as a back plate of the solar battery; 
the photovoltaic components absorb and convert incident light within different wavelength ranges (the absorption and conversion wavelength range is changed from short waves to long waves) in sequence along the incident light direction, and photons with longer wavebands are transmitted to the components therebehind.
The solar component disclosed by the invention can guarantee high-efficiency conversion efficiency stacking of the multiple layers of photovoltaic components; furthermore, the preparation process of the whole solar component is greatly simplified, the manufacturing efficiency and the quality of a product are improved, and the manufacturing difficulty and the cost are lowered.
A manufacturing method is suitable for matching and combination of any photovoltaic components with different bandgap photovoltaic batteries, so that the aim of manufacturing the novel high-efficiency mixed stacked type solar component by a low-cost and large-scale mode is fulfilled.
The utility model discloses a convenient adjust the solar energy light and heat support that pull rod formula is adjustable of solar energy light and heat board angle, including the solar energy mount, high compressive strength, the bracket component, 
bracket component one end is fixed in the roof, the other end of bracket component with solar energy mount rigid connection, the bracket component includes the short different landing leg of many root lengths, 
and is worthy of popularization. Be provided with on the regulating plate and transfer knothole, at least one the landing leg is worn to locate transfer in the knothole, 
the solar energy mount is through changing wear to locate the length of transferring the landing leg in the knothole and adjust inclination.
The utility model provides a solar energy light and heat support that pull rod formula is adjustable adopts the bracket component that has the different landing legs of length to with the angle of the modal alteration solar energy mount that changes one of them or many spinal branchs leg, convenient operation.
The utility model discloses a solar cell screen printing machine intelligence increases device of additive, including the controller, a charging box for adding the silver -colored additive of starching, 
the temperature and humidity sensor who is used for monitoring the humiture in region that solar cell screen printing machine locates who links to each other with the controller, a width for the measurement grid line, 
the miniature microscope of 3D of height and type looks and the pressure sensor who is used for measuring the printing green -weight of silver thick liquid, reinforced cargo position is directly over solar cell screen printing machine's half tone, which comprises a controller, install solenoid electric valve on the discharge gate, 
pressure sensor locates and is used for gathering silicon chip printing fore -and -after weight among solar cell screen printing machine's the printing table, solar cell screen printing machine's exit is located to the miniature microscope of 3D.
The utility model discloses judge accurately and the addition science, the positive electrode grid line that can obtain good aspect ratio is linear, guarantees good printing effect simultaneously, promotes battery photoelectric conversion efficiency.
The utility model discloses a solar energy bag, including inclusion and solar power system, the front side of inclusion is equipped with accomodates the layer, 
solar power system includes solar moduleand output interface, solar module and output electrical connection interface, solar module locates and accomodates the in situ to can take out from accomodate the layer, 
solar module includes the solar cell panel of a plurality of series connection to it is collapsible between every two adjacent solar cell panel.
The utility model discloses having set up on solar energy bag and having accomodatethe layer, the realization is accomodate solar module's, has guaranteed charging performance's persistence, 
solar power system's solar cell panel is equipped with a plurality ofly, has effectively improved the power that charges.
The utility model relates to a surface cleaning device for a crystalline silicon solar cell module or a thin film solar cell panel.
The device is characterized in that, a windshield wiper driven by a motor is installed on the crystalline silicon solar cell module or the thin film solar cell panel, 
the windshield wiper cleans dust or rain or snow on the surface of the module at fixed periods and in rainy or snowy days, realizing cleaning and enough light transmittance of the surface of the module; 
the surface cleaning device is advantaged by wide practicality and capability of well solving surface cleaning problems of the high-altitude crystalline silicon solar cell module or thin film solar cell panel.
The invention discloses a solar panel convenient to install. 
The solar panel comprises an installation base, wherein the upper surface of the installation base is provided with a placement groove, theplacement groove is internally provided with a solar panel placement rack, 
an opening cavity of the solar panel placement rack is internally provided with a No.1 solar battery panel and a No.2 solarbattery panel, four corners of the bottom of the installation base are fixedly connected with strong vacuum cups, a magnet conductive strip is arranged between strong vacuum cups, 
and the magnet conducive strip is fixedly installed at the bottom surface of the installation base. According to the solar panel, the electric magnet can generated magnetism when being powered and transmits the magnetismto the magnet conductive strip, the magnet conductive strip can be adsorbed on the vehicle roof or an iron metal article, 
and the solar panel is adsorbed on a flat object surface through the strong vacuum cups, so that the solar panel can be fixed and installed. 
The installation manner is easy and allows the solar panel to be used in a broader range. The No.1 solar battery panel and the No.2 solar battery panel are overlaid, so that the solar panel can receive light in a larger area.
The utility model discloses a pressure-bearing type solar heat pump. 
The pressure-bearing type solar heat pump comprises a first pressure-bearing type solar water heater, a second pressure-bearing type solar water heater, a cold water inlet, a water inlet, a floor heating system, a heat pump, a pressure-bearing water tank, a shower room supply pipeline, a floor heating circulating pipeline and a solar circulating pipeline. 
The first pressure-bearing type solar water heater is connected with the second pressure-bearing type solar water heater and the cold water inlet, 
the second pressure-bearing type solar water heater is connected with all of the first pressure-bearing type solar water heater, the water inlet and the pressure-bearing water tank, 
the first pressure-bearing type solar water heater and the second pressure-bearing type solar water heater are connected with a PLC (programmable logic controller) through leads, 
a capillary network is arranged in each of the first and second pressure-bearing type solar water heaters, and a flow monitoring device and a valve are arranged on the cold water inlet.
By the pressure-bearing type solar heat pump, energy conservation and consumption reduction can be achieved, heating and water using comfort is improved, and standardized production and convenience in mounting are realized.
The utility model relates to a solar water heater which is composed of a collecting mirror surface, a glass cover plate, a heat absorbing pipe and a movable bracket. 
The utility model is characterized in that the heat absorbing pipe is wrapped into to a long pipe of which the sectional plane is elliptical from a purple copper plate, and the surface of the heat absorbing pipe is coated with a layer of heat absorbing paint. 
Both ends of the heat absorbing pipe are provided with a water inlet mouth and a water outlet mouth. An alarm device is arranged on the water outlet mouth. 
The inner layer of a sealing if formed by gluing the collecting mirror surface and the glass cover plate by mercury glass. The middle layer is a polystyrene foam plate. The external layer is a galvanizing iron plate. The back part of the sealing box body is provided with a supporting device which can be regulated by hand.
The utility model is suitable for burning boiled water in families and institutions and has the advantages of fast temperature rising and sanitary water quality.
The invention discloses a heat pipe type solar thermal collector using solid media to exchange heat. The heat pipe type solar thermal collector comprises a solar union collection box, a frame, a solar thermal collection pipe, a heat exchange coil and a high thermal conductive graphite heat exchange layer. 
The frame is arranged at the periphery of the solar union collection box, the solar thermal collection pipe comprises an evaporation section and a condensation section, the evaporation section is arranged out the solar union collection box and fixed on the frame, the condensation section is positioned in the solar union collection box, 
the heat exchange coil is arranged in the solar union collection box, the condensation section of the solar thermal collection pipe is arranged at the gap portion of the heat exchange coil, and the high thermal conductive graphite heat exchange layer covers the solar thermal collection pipe.
The heat pipe type solar thermal collector is high in heat collection efficiency, quick in heat transfer speed, capable of resisting to high temperature, capable of resisting to air drying, capable of resisting to low temperature and capable of resisting to freezing. 
The heat pipe type solar thermal collector overcomes the defects that the solar thermal collection pipe is small in external heat transfer surface area, energy is relatively concentrated, incrustation is prone to depositing to affect heat exchange effects, and a full-glass tube is prone to exploding in a comminuted mode to leak water.
The invention relates to the technical field of solar cell diffusion, in particular to crystalline silicon solar cell double-diffusion technology.
An N+-N-P structure similar to a double knot can be obtained by a diffusion step twice, the open-circuit voltage can be improved by 0.03 to 0.08V, and the cell efficiency can be improved by 2 to 5 percent.
The utility model relates to an ultra-light semi-rigid solar cell module for a solar aircraft. 
The solar cell module comprises solar cells (1), and a low-resistance connecting sheet (3), an outgoing line (6), a surface film (5) and a tear-resistant bottom film (4) which are connected between the solar cells (1), the solar cell module is formed by splicing a plurality of solar cells (1). 
The solar cells (1) are spliced into a curved surface integral structure attached to the upper surface of the near space airship through the tear-resistant bottom film (4) attached to the back faces of the solar cells (1). 
Wherein the low-resistance connecting pieces (3) are used for series connection and parallel connection of circuits among the solar cells (1), 
the outgoing lines (6) are used for leading out positive and negative electrodes of the whole spliced solar cells (1), and the surface film (5) is attached to the front surfaces of the spliced solar cells (1).
Compared with the prior art, the utility model has the advantages of light weight, high fitting degree of the curved surface structure, high overall strength, aging resistance and the like.
The utility model provides a buried-connection type efficient flat-plate solar collector, which includes a plate core internally provided with a plurality of copper pipes and heat absorbing strips, 
a cover plate glass arranged at the upper part of the plate core, a thermal insulation plate arranged at the lower part of the plate core, and an outer frame fixing the peripheries of the cover plate glass, the plate core and the thermal insulation plate, and is characterized in that a cover plate glass clamp groove with a glass press strip is arranged at the upper end of the inner side of the outer frame; 
a bolt clamp groove is arranged at the lower end thereof; and a thermal insulation plate clamp groove is arranged between the cover plate glass clamp groove and the bolt clamp groove.
The buried-connection type efficient flat-plate solar collector not only can conveniently fix the cover plate glass, the plate core and the insulation plate to enable the cover plate glass to have better sealing performance, enhance the thermal insulation effect of the thermal collector and improve the thermal collecting efficiency, 
but also realizes the buried connection between the thermal collecting plate and the bracket at the same time, so as to effectively enhance the connecting strength of the thermal collecting plate and prolong the service life of the thermal collecting plate.
The utility model discloses a single-tower multidisc solar condensing and power generating device which consists of a solar tower and a solar condensing lens assembly, wherein the solar condensing lens assembly comprises a solar condensing lens, pitch angle support tracks of the solar condensing lens and an azimuth angle rotating track; 
the azimuth angle rotating track is circular and is arranged horizontally and can rotate; two pitch rotating support tracks of the solar condensing lens are slantly fixed on the azimuth angle rotating track; 
the solar condensing lens is arranged along the pitch support tracks of the solar condensing lends and does circumferential movement around the pitch rotating center line of heat collectors at the top of the tower; 
the solar tower is vertically arranged at the center of a circle of the azimuth angle rotating track; a heat transfer insulation pipe is arranged at the top end of the solar tower in the horizontal direction through a rotating device on the solar tower; 
and solar heat collectors are symmetrically arranged at two outer ends of the heat transfer insulation pipe passing through the center of the tower.
The utility model relates to a power supply device with complementary coastal shoal solar photovoltaic power generation and wind power generation, belonging to the new energy application technology field.
The topography of the coastal shoal is flat, the wind energy resources is abundant at the junction of the flood and field, paddles of a fan is blew to operate by the continual wind power, a wind power generator is driven to work, 
a current which is generated by the wind power generator is changed into a low voltage alternating current through a wind power controller and a wind power inverter, then the low voltage alternating current is input into a power distribution power transformation multi-functional building and is changed into a high voltage alternating current which is transmitted to a power supply network.
A current is generated by sunlight which irradiates on a solar battery which is arranged on a coastal shoal viaduct bridge, the current is changed into a low voltage alternating current through a controller and an inverter, 
then the low voltage alternating current is input into a power distribution power transformation multi-functional building and is changed into a high voltage alternating current which is transmitted to a power supply network, thereby realizing combined to the grid.
A low voltage alternating current which is output from a low voltage electric lead of the power distribution power transformation multi-functional building can supply electricity nearby alternating current loads.
The utility model relates to a device and solar energy module for solar energy module for the device (four to six -tenehs) of solar energy module have many styles casing (7) circuit (8) and connecting device (10, 11) in casing (7), 
connecting device is used for making circuit (8) are connected with wire (4, 5) the power electric current, 
that be provided with the insulator arrangement of two guide solar energy module (2) to at least one part of circuit (8) and solar energy module (2) parallel connection, 
part (21, 22) of casing (7) can around with wire (4, 5) joint that the insulator arrangement of wire passes through to connecting device (10, 11) have the component of piercing through (9) during part (21, 22) the joint of casing (7), 
it pierces through to pierce through the component the insulator arrangement and the electricity put through the wire.
The utility model provides a solar induction character-displaying voice circuit, a solar induction character-displaying voice lamp and a solar induction character-displaying voice circuit. 
The solar induction character-displaying voice circuit comprises a solar panel, a charging and discharging protection circuit, a voltage stabilizing circuit, an infrared induction circuit, a single-chip microcomputer, a lamp set, a voice circuit and a charging storage battery.
The solar induction character display voice circuit provided by the utility model is energy-saving and environment-friendly, has multiple functions, and can meet outdoor and long-time use requirements.
In addition, the solar induction character-displaying voice lamp provided by the utility model adopts the solar induction character-displaying voice circuit, so that the functions of human body induction, voice recording and broadcasting and character displaying are realized.
The utility model relates to a solar power generation tube which comprises a transparent tube body. 
A photovoltaic power generation photoreceptive body is arranged in the transparent tube body; fixing devices for fixing the photovoltaic power generation photoreceptive body are arranged in the transparent tube body; air holes are formed in the tube wall of the transparent tube body.
The solar power generation tube has a simple structure, is convenient to manufacture, is convenient in better application and prolongs the service life of the photovoltaic power generation photoreceptive body.
The utility model also relates to a solar water heater or heat collector using the solar power generation tube. 
A tubular structure of the power generation tube can be integrated with a solar vacuum heat collection tube into the solar water heater or heat collector, so that strong integrity is realized; 
moreover, a combining manner is simple and easy to operate, and attractiveness is increased.
The utility model relates to an anti-flu device with a thin film solar cell applied on a respirator, which belongs to the technical field of hygiene and disease control.
When being exposed to sunlight, the thin film solar cell covering the surface of the respirator body generates a current, which passes through a Schottky rectifier diode and a controller before entering into a ring-shaped ultraviolet lamp or a lithium ion battery for storage, 
the ring-shaped ultraviolet lamp emits ultraviolet rays to kill the bacteria and viruses in the air absorbed by human body through an air inlet casing provided with dust-proof gate in the middle, 
the hollow light blocking round plate surrounding the dust-proof gate blocks the ultraviolet rays from irradiating towards the front part of the dimensional respirator containing the ultraviolet lamp, 
most part of ultraviolet rays irradiating towards the rear part are blocked by a light blocking plate provided with three vent holes, and ultraviolet rays passing through the three vent holes are afterward entirely blocked by a light blocking plate with three vent holes installed in a staggered manner. 
The two light blocking plates cooperate with each other in permitting air to flow while blocking the ultraviolet rays, thereby ensuring that the air inhaled by the human body is sterilized while preventing the ultraviolet rays from harming the human body.
The invention discloses a crack type solar heat absorbing plate core and a solar heat collector adopting the plate core.
The crack type solar heat absorbing plate core comprises a casing and a heat absorption plate connected with the casing in a sealed way, wherein a crack allowing heat exchange media to pass and to be heated is formed between the heat absorption plate and the casing, and the two ends of the casing are respectively provided with devices for uniformly distributing and recovering the heat exchange media.
The crack type solar heat absorbing plate core breaks through the mode that the heat absorption plate core of the traditional solar heat collector realizes the primary heat exchange with the heat absorption plate through a heat exchange medium flow passage, and then realizes the secondary heat exchange with the heat exchange media through a heat exchange medium flow passage, 
the heat exchange media are in direct contact with the heat absorption plate for realizing the heat exchange, only once heat exchange is needed, the contact area between the heat exchange media and the heat absorption plate is large, the heat exchange area is greatly increased, and the heat exchange efficiency of the solar heat absorption plate core can be greatly improved.
The casing is made of metal or nonmetal materials and is formed in one step, the manufacture process is simple, the production cost is low, and the structure of the solar heat absorption plate core is greatly simplified.
The invention relates to an anti-influenza device applying a thin-film solar cell on a mask, which belongs to the technical field of health epidemic prevention.
Under the irradiation of sunshine, the thin-film solar cell enwrapped on the surface of the mask generates current which enters an annular ultraviolet lamp after passing through a Schottky rectifier diode and a controller and can also be stored in a lithium ion cell; 
ultraviolet rays irradiated by the annular ultraviolet lamp kill bacteria and viruses in the air breathed into a body from an air inlet shroud provided with a dustproof gate in the middle, 
and simultaneously, the ultraviolet rays are blocked by hollow light blocking circular plates around the dustproof gate so that the ultraviolet rays are not irradiated to the front part of a three-dimensional mask comprising an ultraviolet lamp; 
and most of the ultraviolet rays irradiated backward are blocked by a light barrier provided with three vent holes, the ultraviolet rays transmitting the three vent holes are completely blocked by a light barrier provided with three staggered vent holes, 
and the two light barriers function together to only allow the air to flow but not allow the ultraviolet rays to transmit, thus a human body is ensured to not be injured by the ultraviolet rays while breathing in the sterilized air.
A solar cell receiver subassembly for use in a concentrating solar system which concentrates the solar energy onto a solar cell by a factor of 1000 or more for converting solar energy to electricity, 
including an optical element defining an optical channel, a solar cell receiver having a support; 
a solar cell mounted on the support adjacent to the optical element and in the optical path of the optical channel, the solar cell comprising one or more III-V compound semiconductor layers and capable of generating in excess of 20 watts of peak DC power; 
a diode mounted on the support and coupled in parallel with the solar cell; 
and first and second electrical contacts mounted on the support and coupled in parallel with the solar cell and the diode; 
and an encapsulant covering the support, the solar cell, the diode, and at least a portion of the exterior sides of the optical element.
The utility model discloses a novel solar PV modules device, including solar panel coupling assembling, solar panel frame and solar panel frame coupling assembling, the internally mounted of solar panel frame has solar panel, 
and solar panel's bottom is provided with solar panel coupling assembling, and solar panel coupling assembling installs in the bottom of solar panel frame inboardly.
Throughsetting up solar panel coupling assembling, only need can accomplish installation to next pressure with solar panel on limit baffle when installation solar panel, 
whole installation is extremely simple, and because spring force's effect, solar panel's installation stability is also very high, and the practicality is very strong, 
through setting up solar panel frame coupling assembling, the stopperand the spacing groove that can make the solar panel frame pass through the connecting seat both ends combine fast, 
and can accomplish through wood pin and fix, and convenient operation is simple, improves installation speed greatly, also reduces installer physical power and the consumption of time.
The invention relates to a method for producing a contact for solar cells (30) arranged in a laminated solar panel (1), wherein the solar cells (30) are coated on both sides of the main surfaces thereof with at least one layer and before a lamination step the solar cells (30) are connected with electrically-conducting connectors (31, 33), 
the electrically conducting connectors (31, 33) being arranged in the solar panel for laminating such as to be completely laminated within the solar panel (1) after the lamination step.
After the lamination step a contact region (35) of the electrically-conducting connector (33) is exposed, wherein at least one of the layers covering the solar cells is completely punched through in the corresponding region, in particular by stripping.
The contact region (35) of the electrically-conducting connector (33) can then be contacted by means of an externally-accessible contact element.
The incorporation of the connector (31, 33) can be automated as the electrical connector (31, 33) can be laid essentially flat in the corresponding plane of the layer system and no complex through holes are made before lamination.
The position of the electrical connector (31, 33) within the layer system is possible to be more accurately deigned than the position of connectors extending from the layer system which significantly simplifies contacting the contact region (35) of the connector (31, 33), in particular with an automated solution.
The invention discloses a solar electrode structure and a solar cell employing the same.
A solar cell comprises an electrode and a battery, wherein the electrode comprises thin films and a metal conductor, the thin films are coated at two sides of the metal conductor, 
the metal conductor at a positive end of the electrode is attached onto the electrode on a light-receiving surface of the solar cell, the metal conductor at a negative end is attached onto the electrode on a backlight surface of the solar cell, 
and a series structure or a parallel structure is formed from elemental cells according to an actual demand.
By the solar electrode structure, the photoelectric conversion rate of the cell is improved, and the solar electrode structure is wide in application range; 
a rectangular grid line and a main grid line are prevented from being fabricated by employing printing and sintering processes to cover a cell surface, the usage of a large amount of silver paste is reduced, the shielding region is reduced, the photoelectric conversion rate of the solar cell is improved, 
damage of welding and stress of the metal conductor to the solar cell is reduced, the product reliability is improved, the silver paste for fabricating a grid line structure is reduced, and the production cost is reduced.
The invention discloses a piecewise single-sided direct-connected solar cell module, 
wherein the solar cell piece is a 1/2 or 1/4 silicon piece after being pretreated, and the solar cell piece comprises a first solar cell piece; 
The first solar cell sheet comprises a first front electrode and a first back electric field. 
The first front electrode and the first back electric field are provided witha transverse main grid. At least one of the transverse front main grid and the transverse back main grid is provided with a contact point, and the contact point is arranged at the end of the transverse main grid. 
The long sides of adjacent solar cell sheets overlap to form surface contact; Adjacent solar cell sheets are connected through common contacts and sintered to form a battery string.
Correspondingly, the invention also provides a preparation method of a chip single-sided direct-connected solar cell module.
By adopting the invention, the structure is simple, the gap between the batterysheets is small, the power loss of the welding strip is reduced, the internal loss of the module is small, and the reliability of the battery module is high, and the photoelectric conversion efficiency is high.
The invention provides a snow removing, dust removing and battery board cooling method for a solar photovoltaic power station.
Aiming at a problem in the prior art, the invention provides the method which solves a problem of power generation efficiency attenuation, caused by the shading effect of foreign matters or solar cell panel overtemperature, 
in an operation process of a solar power station,and reduces the power generation cost of the solar power generation.
In order to solve the above technical problem, the technical scheme employed by the invention is that the method comprises the following steps: 
setting an air flow tube with the diameter of 10mm at the top of a solar cell panel, wherein the head of the air flow tube is a semicircular flat nozzle with the diameter of 50-100mm; 
setting 5-10 air holes with the diameters of 1-5mm on an arc side wall surface at equal intervals, wherein there is a certain inclined angle between the air holes and the solar cell panel, and the inclined angle is within the range of 5-15 degrees.
The utility model discloses a no grid line is back of body contact solar module entirely, including a plurality of little battery pieces of back of the body contact solar energy of contacting mutually, 
little battery piece is formed by the cutting of back of the body contact solar wafer, back of the body contact solar wafer includes n type silicon substrate, the back of n type silicon substrate is equipped with p+ and mixes regionally and n+ doping region, be equipped with back passivation layer on p+ doping region and the n+ doping region, 
be equipped with positive electrode contact portion and burden electrode contact portion on the passivation layer of the back, positive electrode contact portion and burden electrode contact portion coat and are stamped soldering tin or conducting resin, when adjacent two little battery pieces are contacted mutually, 
be provided with the copper line on the soldering tin of positive electrode contact portion or the conducting resin, also be provided with the copper line on the soldering tin of burden electrode contact portion or the conducting resin, adjacent two little battery pieces are direct contacts through the copper line mutually, or adjacent two little battery pieces through the copper line with weld the area and contact mutually.
This battery pack not only can promote full back of the body contact battery pack's reliability but also can reduce its the technology degree of difficulty and manufacturing cost.
The invention relates to a preparation method of coating slurry and a method for manufacturing solar cell packaging glass by using the same. The preparation method of the coating slurry comprises the following steps of: mixing a dispersive silicasol and a silicon-titanium mixed sol according to the volume ratio of 4-10:1-5 to obtain A; 
adding one or two of an aluminum sol or a zirconium sol into the A to form B; 
dissolving the B into an organic solvent or an inorganic solvent to obtain C; and adding one or more of a film-forming auxiliary agent, a hardening agent, an anti-scratching agent, a wetting agent, a thickener and a surfactant into the C, stirring and mixing to obtain the coating slurry.
The preparation method of the coating slurry has low cost and simple process; and the coating slurry prepared by the method has low impurity content, uniform colloid particles, easily controlled particle diameter, favorable film-forming property and high rigidity.
By adopting the coating slurry, anti-reflecting coatings are formed on the surface of the solar cell packaging glass, and the adhesive force and the rigidity of the anti-reflecting coatings are increased in different degrees as time goes on, thereby reducing use cost.
The utility model relates to an integral solar heat collecting plate, which is composed of an upper metal heat collecting plate, a lower heat collecting plate and a snakelike metal heat collecting tube. 
The integral solar heat collecting plate is characterized in that the upper metal heat collecting plate and the lower heat collecting plate seal and wrap the snakelike metal heat collecting tube integrally through pressing, then, the upper metal heat collecting plate and the lower heat collecting plate are fixedly welded together.
The problem that the heat transfer rate of a traditional integral snakelike pipe sheet type heat collecting plate is low is effectively solved, 
simultaneously, the possibility that the snakelike metal heat collecting tube is polluted by dust and impurities in subsequent use also can be completely avoided, the service life is prolonged, and the integral solar heat collecting plate lays a good foundation for improving the integral performance of flat type heat collecting plates.
The invention relates to a double-faced solar cell testing device. The double-faced solar cell testing device comprises a light source, a first probe row, a double-faced solar cell, a reflector, a second probe row and a control system connected with the first probe row and the second probe row. 
The first probe row is arranged between the light source and the double-faced solar cell, the second probe row is arranged between the reflector and the double-faced solar cell, the double-faced solar cell is arranged between the first probe row and the second probe row, 
the first probe row comprises several first probes, the second probe row comprises several second probes, and the first probes and the second probes are respectively uniformly distributed on two surfaces of the double-faced solar cell.
The double-faced solar cell testing device can simulate the actual using filed of the double-faced solar cell, and can measure the photoelectric conversion efficiency of the double-faced solar cell.
A solar cell stack, having a first semiconductor solar cell having a p-n junction made of a first material with a first lattice constant, and a second semiconductor solar cell having a p-n junction made of a second material with a second lattice constant, 
and the first lattice constant being at least 0.008 not A smaller than the second lattice constant, and a metamorphic buffer, the metamorphic buffer being formed between the first semiconductor solar cell and the second semiconductor solar cell, 
and the metamorphic buffer including a series of three layers, and the lattice constant increasing in a series in the direction of the semiconductor solar cell, and the lattice constants of the layers of the metamorphic buffer being bigger than the first lattice constant, 
two layers of the buffer having a doping, and the difference in the dopant concentration between the two layers being greater than 4E17 cm-3.
The utility model discloses an integration lamination solar energy folding bag solar panel, including positioning pin rod, the stiffener, the apparatus further comprises a rotating shaft, the solar energy frame, the installation frame plate, the stabiliser, keep apart the storehouse, hang and put the axle, the circular cone frame, hang and put the hole, folding bag, solar panel, 
positioning pin rod installs on solar energy puts up the both sides pole through the pivot, the stiffener welding is at solar energy frame rear side, installation solar energy frame front and back hack lever is connected in the pivot, solar panel is connected to the stabiliser electricity, 
hang on the installation frame plate of putting axle welding lower extreme on the solar energy frame, circular cone frame screwthread is installed in solar energy frame hack lever bottom, an integration lamination solar energy folding bag solar panel, this device design is applicable to solar energy folding bag and extends the function, 
positioning pin rod installs the angle of jeting into that can adjust solar panel with the pivot cooperation, the generating capacity is thus enhanced, the design and installation of installation frame plate is simple, 
the installation that sets up alone of stabiliser has improved electrical safety nature, the design of circular cone frame has improved the stability of solar energy frame in the field installation.
The invention relates to a noctilucent device on a solar photovoltaic windmill, belonging to the technical field of new energy source educational affiliation.
Sunlight irradiates solar battery arranged on the base of the noctilucent device on the solar photovoltaic windmill to generate direct current; 
part of the direct current is input into an LED spot light through a circuit switch and a conductor wire; the light emitted from the LED spot light illuminates windmill vanes, wherein noctilucent round spots distributing on the windmill vanes are coated with long-afterglow luminous material which can absorb natural light and artificial light and save optical energy so that lights of various colors can be emitted in a darker environment stably and efficiently; 
the other part of direct current is input into a direct current motor to through an electric lead inside a hollow tube to convert electric energy to mechanical energy 
and drive the windmill vanes respectively coated with seven colors including red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo-blue and purple on the surface of the vanes to rotate at high speed so as to synthesize white light, and a photosynthesis experiment can be demonstrated to students.
Moreover, fixed screws are used for assembling or disassembling the windmill vanes, and the direct current can also be input into a lithium ion battery to be stored for later use.
The utility model relates to the technical field of lamps, in particular to a solar energy lamp which comprises a functional transparent plate in an inclined plane type. A filtering layer is coated on the surface of the functional transparent plate; 
an arc-shaped reflecting plate is arranged behind the functional transparent plate; 
and a transparent slat is arranged under the transparent plate and the reflecting plate. 
Through the arrangement of the structure, the utility model has the characteristics of simple structure, convenient use, full utilization of solar energy, uniform irradiation, environment protection, safety and reliability.
The present invention provides a solar cell and a cell back polishing process thereof, and belongs to the field of solar cells.
The solar cell back polishing process comprises: immersing the silicon wafer in an etching solution with the temperature of 15 DEG C to 35 DEG C for 100-150 seconds to carry out etching treatment, 
wherein the etching solution is the mixture of HNO3 with mass fraction of 65% to 68% and HF with mass fraction of 48% to 49% in a volume ratio of 5-5.5: 1; 
and putting the etched silicon wafer in the lye and/or acid solution with the temperature of 20 DEG C to 30 DEG C for cleaning for 70-100 seconds, and using water to wash the processed silicon wafer.
By using the polishing process, the wafer back can be smoother and even reach the mirror effect, so as to form a more uniform back field and improve the light reflectivity and absorption of the shady face of the cell.
The present invention also provides the solar cell, the shady face of the solar cell is prepared by the polishing process, and the solar cell has a high light absorption rate and a high conversion rate.
The utility model relates to a power supply apparatus from viaduct type solar power station to cultivation garden under the viaduct on coastal beach, which belongs to the new energy application technology field.
Culturing seawater animals (such as prawn, hard clam, conger pile, juvenile crab and mud snail) by digging culture pools on coastal beach not only needs sunshine, but also needs concealment place and electric power to regulate the water depth, flow velocity, temperature and oxygen content in the pool.
A plurality of viaduct type solar power stations are built on the coastal beach, thereby the solar energy battery can generate direct current by the sunshine, 
the direct current is inputted into a grid-connected photovoltaic inverter through a controller, and is converted into low voltage alternating current, 
then is inputted into a current distributing transforming integrated building for distributing and transforming, part of the low voltage alternating current outputted from the current distributing transforming integrated building is supplied to the culturing garden water pump and aerator and peripheral lighting devices for providing superior ecology conditions to the seawater animal culture; 
and the rest of the low voltage alternating current is boosted to high voltage alternating current and inputted into the power supply network by high tension power lines.
The utility model discloses a solar cell module. The solar cell module comprises a plurality of solar cell slices, wherein the solar cell slices are electrically connected; and the solar cell slices are formed by cutting a solar cell piece.
The solar cell module disclosed by the utility model can effectively improve the output power, and can realize effective utilization of the damaged solar cell piece, to reduce cost.
The utility model discloses a fuse tube base for a solar energy photovoltaic power generation system. The fuse tube base is used for being electrically connected with an input cable and an output cable and comprises a first casing, a second casing, a first electrical terminal, a second electrical terminal and a fuse tube.
The first casing and the second casing are in butt joint in a fit mode; 
the first electrical terminal is arranged inside the first casing, one end of the first electrical terminal is electrically connected with the output cable, the other end of the first electrical terminal extends to form a first clamping sheet which is arranged in a barrel shape to form a first clamping area, 
and the first clamping sheet protrudes towards the first clamping area to form a first abutting clamping portion; the second electrical terminal is arranged inside the second casing, one end of the second electrical terminal is electrically connected with the input cable, and the other end of the second electrical terminal is electrically abutted against one end of the fuse tube; and the other end of the fuse tube is inserted into the first clamping area, and one end of the fuse tube is clamped by the first clamping sheet.
The fuse tube base for the solar energy photovoltaic power generation system can reduce the cost and is suitable for an outdoor working environment, simultaneously the contact of the fuse tube is firm, and the anti-shaking performance is good.
The invention discloses a novel solar cell, which has a front electrode and a back electrode, wherein the front and back electrodes correspond to each other up and down and are parallel; 
and the front electrode of the solar cell narrows gradually so as to be narrower than the back electrode.
In the invention, waste in current collection is reduced; 
and in the assembly of the solar photovoltaic module, the width of a master grate is reduced at the non-series connection end of the cell, so area occupation and space are saved and the light utilization rate of the solar cell is improved for little sun light is blocked. 
The invention also discloses the solar photovoltaic module composed of the solar cell, which can change and optimize the current collection path of the solar cell, reduce internal resistance and improve the whole energy conversion efficiency.
The invention discloses a main grid-free back-contact solar cell module. 
The main grid-free back-contact solar cell module comprises glass, EVA, a series cell piece, an EVA and a back plate which are arranged from top to bottom, wherein the series cell piece comprises a conductive back plate, and a plurality of main grid-free back-contact solar cell pieces arranged on the conductive back plate and in ohmic contact with the conductive back plate. 
Because the cell module adopts the main grid-free back-contact solar cells, the procedure of preparing the main grid electrodes of the back-contact solar cells can be omitted, thus reducing the metallization and industrialisieren difficulty, and the production cost of the back-contact solar cells; 
meanwhile, by arranging the main grid-free back-contact solar cells on the conductive back plate with low electrical resistivity, series resistors introduced due to series connection among the cell pieces can be reduced, 
the ohmic consumption of the solar cell module can be reduced, and the cost of per watt of preparing the solar cell module can be improved.
The invention further discloses a preparation method for the main grid-free back-contact solar cell module. The method is simple in process, and effective and reliable.
The utility model discloses a water purifying and scale inhibiting device for a solar water heater, relates to the field of solar water heaters and provides a solar water heater which can heat water quickly.
The utility model provides a water purifying and scale inhibiting device with simple structure, low cost, excellent quality and reasonable price for a solar water heater.
The water purifying and scale inhibiting device for the solar water heater comprises a water inlet pipe, a first filtering cylinder, a second filtering cylinder, a PP (propene polymer) cotton filter element, medical stone and a filter screen, 
wherein the first filtering cylinder is connected with the water inlet pipe, the PP cotton filter element is arranged inside the first filtering cylinder; 
one end of the second filtering cylinder is connected with the first filtering cylinder, the other end of the second filtering cylinder is a water outlet, the medical stone is arranged in the second filtering cylinder, and the filter screen is arranged between the medical stone and the water outlet.
Running water is sequentially filtered by the PP cotton filter element and the medical stone before entering a solar thermal collecting tube of the solar water heater.
The water purifying and scale inhibiting device for the solar water heater is simple in structure and low in cost.
The utility model relates to a solar steam boiler system, which comprises a solar heat collection panel and a steam boiler. 